Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
let us begin.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So our
Timothy Sackton: adventure tonight starts as all of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: in the midst of your daily life, doing whatever. Well, I guess, except for Hiswin, whatever you would have happened to have been doing,
Timothy Sackton: you know, in your normal, dwarfish life
Timothy Sackton: I feel a wrenching twist, and then a sudden feeling of movement
Timothy Sackton: as the world goes dark around you For a moment,
Timothy Sackton: as your eyes adjust,
Timothy Sackton: you find yourself in a vast cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds and hundreds of feet across.
Timothy Sackton: Small modes of light flowed in the air,
Timothy Sackton: causing the flex of white gemstones in the veins of silver that run through the walls of the cave to glitter and sparkle.
Timothy Sackton: In the center of the open space is a perfectly smooth pool of water, deep and dark, the only sound.
Timothy Sackton: Distant, rhythmic clinging of hammer on iron
Timothy Sackton: ringing room was like a bell. The temporal, slow, but steady
Timothy Sackton: tunnels leave the cave in all directions, many wide and bright, lit by crystal lanterns, others narrow, some nearly vanished into shadows,
Timothy Sackton: and as you look around at this place,
Timothy Sackton: a deep sense of familiarity washes over you
Timothy Sackton: so it may have looked different the last time you were here. This
Timothy Sackton: chamber, this cavern, this hall that you are in, you know in your heart, is the home of the Barrazal, the heart of the mountain, the central
Timothy Sackton: god,
Timothy Sackton: the centerpiece of dwarven lore and religion, a place you've all been before during the right of name, taking when you received your adult name and learned,
Timothy Sackton: you know the the to which you belong, the uniquely dwarf, and it's a good
Timothy Sackton: guild, society, mentorship system, and a place to find family outside the traditional strictures of your clan that all dworms learn when they come of age,
Timothy Sackton: pause for a Sec. Does short. Do you have a
Timothy Sackton: planned a of any kinds?
Timothy Sackton: Normally a dwarf would have a first and a last name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm willing to entertain suggestions.
Timothy Sackton: I don't
Timothy Sackton: It's normally like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, for adjective now.
Timothy Sackton: But um,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll send somebody. I'll put it in the chat. Let me get some ideas.
Timothy Sackton: Ok? Well, I need it in the next lake
Timothy Sackton: ten seconds.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: right right now. My notes just say blah blah blah schwartz clan in parentheses
Riswyn: still home to me. Red Peak
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): done Red Peak. I love it,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Red Peak great.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly you realize
Timothy Sackton: the hammers in the distance. Carry with them words slowly chanted, just beyond
Timothy Sackton: a b of
Timothy Sackton: the echoing of the
Timothy Sackton: a slow temple of the bang,
Timothy Sackton: amberfoot,
Timothy Sackton: red peak,
Timothy Sackton: iron corn,
Timothy Sackton: brawn, anvil
Timothy Sackton: repeated over and over again
red peak, iron, corn, brawn, handball,
Timothy Sackton: And as you look up
Timothy Sackton: the sounds now echoing in the halls, you realize that you are not alone.
Timothy Sackton: There are three other dwarfs in this place with you.
Timothy Sackton: So why don't you all describe your character in this moment?
Timothy Sackton: Let us go first.
I can go first,
Rothfis: so
Rothfis: if you look over toward Roth. This you see sort of mid-shop. He's got a large kitchen knife in hand, and He has on the leather apron of a
Rothfis: warm and otherwise completely unarmored. He has a large pig sort of strapped around his back,
Rothfis: the cleaver in hand.
Rothfis: He goes iron corn, all the cursed in iron cords.
Rothfis: No, no, this can't be this cat to be, and he's just sort of looking around looking for a way out.
Merash (Sara): Uh So when you look over towards Marash, just a little bit away from office. You see someone um
Merash (Sara): with catches in, looking almost like there's a a pattern of spotting and star tissue working up their arms up into their face, and they are
Merash (Sara): so just halfway through, striking their a small knife with a letters drop as if they had been in the middle of their work day.
Merash (Sara): Um! And as they sort of get
Merash (Sara): their feet around them and realize where they are,
Merash (Sara): you just see a look of resignation, almost of a an expectation that this was coming,
Riswyn: that through our Okay.
Riswyn: So Ah,
Riswyn: there's a a heavily armored dwarf, you know, ready for adventure. A red hair bound up, you know, able to be out of the way in a fight, and she looks like she's been in the situation of distress and and strain,
Riswyn: and she's holding in her hand a
Riswyn: chalice of
Riswyn: looking at this chalice like, What have you done?
Riswyn: Because what was expected did not result,
Riswyn: and
Riswyn: again, like Mcmurray, she looks
Riswyn: unsurprised
Riswyn: that there are hammers pounding in the background,
Riswyn: Still caught up in the moment that she was in
Riswyn: before being found in this cave. Instead,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the throat is a deeply tanned and smelling of salt and seed,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with the hair and beard braided back and away from his face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's got a dipper of water to his mouth that he was clearly in mid-drink, and he's just frozen
um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): barefoot
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sailor-style, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): strange for a dwarf in the middle of a giant cabin.
Timothy Sackton: As you look around at each other, the water
Timothy Sackton: begins to ripple slightly
Timothy Sackton: um, and then
Timothy Sackton: in over the course of his years, as you're sort of all on like four sides of the
Timothy Sackton: this big pool in the middle. Just kind of
Timothy Sackton: looking looking across at each other. Um
to the
Timothy Sackton: a sort of emerging. The water almost begins to part a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Emerging up out of out of the middle of the
Timothy Sackton: of the water, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Light up,
Timothy Sackton: anvil, a forge, the hammer
Timothy Sackton: pounding, the sound now echoing from the middle of the room, getting louder and louder.
Timothy Sackton: The smell of iron, you see a little silver tear drop spraying out in each direction every time the hammer hits the forge, shimmering and then landing
Timothy Sackton: as they l in the water, sort of stretching out to make these long, delicate swords.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: wind picks up,
Timothy Sackton: and you see the occasional spark of lightning in the sky above you,
Timothy Sackton: brother,
Timothy Sackton: the ceiling of the chamber?
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: as the as the like for sort of emerges fully formed, you can see that
Timothy Sackton: the water that's slowing off of that.
Timothy Sackton: In addition to these little silver tear drops that are spreading out, it seems to be you catch the smell of
Timothy Sackton: of cooking, of
Timothy Sackton: a beer of companionship, of dirt,
Timothy Sackton: soil,
Timothy Sackton: living things growing,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: gradually
Timothy Sackton: you hear
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: you know the sound begin to shift from chanting
Timothy Sackton: your names to
Timothy Sackton: a voice.
Timothy Sackton: It's not, it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's just a modulation of this sort of pounding from the rhythmic thumping of a hammer with the sort of names echoing to a voice,
Timothy Sackton: not a physical presence so much as just the sense that you are not alone.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: And floating sort of
Timothy Sackton: hovering in the in the air,
Timothy Sackton: drifting towards you. You each see this
Timothy Sackton: one of these silver raindrops kind of forms itself into
Timothy Sackton: I almost um
Timothy Sackton: translucent sort of ephemeral. And this ethereal thing, and begins to drift towards Marsh.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: a um!
Timothy Sackton: Some of the water begins. Water begins to flow
Timothy Sackton: from the chalice that risen, it's holding in a hammer.
Timothy Sackton: But again a little translucent sort of
Timothy Sackton: an almost ethereal hammer sort of drifts over towards rizwin
Timothy Sackton: iron bands.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: I like a tanker, but with an iron band like a wedding wrapped around the middle of it. Dress over towards R office,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: ah! Let's see. I
Timothy Sackton: forget the the details of
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you added any details to what I said, but something that would represent your characters,
Timothy Sackton: that of
Timothy Sackton: debt to the gods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, maybe it's like a broken ship.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: like a small sort of broken ship drifting
Timothy Sackton: uh drifting towards
Timothy Sackton: thrar.
Timothy Sackton: Um, It has these uh
Timothy Sackton: as these little um
Timothy Sackton: spiritual tokens begin to drift towards you. This voice speaks,
Timothy Sackton: your debts are called,
Timothy Sackton: you have answered
Timothy Sackton: watch,
so
Timothy Sackton: listen,
Timothy Sackton: and everything goes still for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: It's clearly of the
Timothy Sackton: presence of
in the
Timothy Sackton: the virus out here speaking to you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the water clears,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: an image. This chalice that risen is holding
Timothy Sackton: Ah, floating in the
Timothy Sackton: it's floating in the
Timothy Sackton: I have an extra bet where you go
Timothy Sackton: Here this chalice
Timothy Sackton: link and chat from floating, and then images flashing forward, telling its story
Um,
Timothy Sackton: marking the
Timothy Sackton: place A safety in this new kingdom
Timothy Sackton: formed by refugees from war.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: group of Dwarves soldiers setting out with this chalice going north,
Timothy Sackton: a vision of of people gathering of names and lists of those who are lost, those refugees who were not found who never made it to safety,
Timothy Sackton: and dwarves, setting out north with his chalice to find and bring them back. Um the march home. Hundreds of dwarfs sustained by the chalice, a fire giant bearing down upon them, screaming about vengeance for his father trolls with him, descending the dwarves, fleeing to a massive statue, maybe
Timothy Sackton: fifty feet tall,
Timothy Sackton: of a stoneborn and building hasty fortifications around the base of the statue, a grim warrior bearing a large two-handed axe and an iron hound leading the way,
Timothy Sackton: and then flames flickering the end of the fight.
Timothy Sackton: Fire, giant, victorious, laughing as dwarf fights, dwarf the grim warrior with the act standing on a pile of the dead
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): attacking all who come to him. Dwarves, trolls alike screaming,
Timothy Sackton: Death in battle is all that is left
Timothy Sackton: the fire giant falling in another dwarf Turning to confront this warrior, the flames consuming them as they fight,
Timothy Sackton: the smoke gradually growing thicker and thicker as
Timothy Sackton: grim warrior.
Timothy Sackton: The hundreds of refugees, the Trolls. Everything left flicker out one by one, until all you can see is smoke,
Timothy Sackton: and then the voice speaks again.
Timothy Sackton: Program was lost that day,
you,
Timothy Sackton: his evil deeds taking him to a place we cannot reach
Timothy Sackton: a domain uh part of the shadow file
you
Timothy Sackton: your quest, then,
Timothy Sackton: to go there,
Timothy Sackton: find him
Timothy Sackton: pogrim his name,
Timothy Sackton: Now that the chalice has been restored and found again
Timothy Sackton: confront him.
Timothy Sackton: Neither send them to damnation or forgiveness with the waters of life.
You
Timothy Sackton: you are emissaries.
Timothy Sackton: It is up to you to decide his fate.
Timothy Sackton: Taking this quest, Your debt to us is fulfilled.
Timothy Sackton: It is upon your honor to decide how you proceed.
Timothy Sackton: We're not compelled to die in our service, succeed or fail, you may redeem your bond, and it will return you to your home.
Timothy Sackton: These four spirit representations of the
Timothy Sackton: of your
Timothy Sackton: that's a
Timothy Sackton: drift and sort of merge with you, and you know that,
Timothy Sackton: as this happens, you know that
Timothy Sackton: you have a choice,
you,
Timothy Sackton: and if you decide to leave.
Timothy Sackton: This will take you back,
Timothy Sackton: but
it's bad.
Timothy Sackton: The gods judge, and those who dishonor themselves will
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: face other
Timothy Sackton: other trials in the future.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, even if it would, even if you think your character would just leave them. There's no attentive to play, so please don't do that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And then um!
Timothy Sackton: The images fade
Timothy Sackton: and the water
Timothy Sackton: turns to mist,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: through the mists Um! A muddy river
Timothy Sackton: cliff, jagged cliffs,
Timothy Sackton: a shadowy realm,
Timothy Sackton: and the gods,
Timothy Sackton: the voice of the gods fades and leads you to your companions.
Rothfis: Ah! During
Rothfis: everything that just transpired, Roth, this would have uncourked the keg and poured himself a drink and had it, and poured himself another drink and had it.
Rothfis: He looked around and he said it. So it
Rothfis: so succeed our fail, we get to go home. I
Rothfis: are any of you here? Not not by our own will, I
Rothfis: I thought I didn't ever think i'd have to pay it that to my x-y face.
Rothfis: I just want to go home to my tower, and
Merash (Sara): I think that uh, Ross, this is kind of
Merash (Sara): outbreaks there. Marash had her hand out, and was just about to touch the wispy, ephemeral drop that had been going towards her.
Merash (Sara): It glinted on the blade of her knife, and before she could do anything
Merash (Sara): she sort of snapped out of it, and just sort of looks around at this and goes.
Merash (Sara): This is something
Merash (Sara): I never
Merash (Sara): thought would come to pass,
Merash (Sara): and I don't want to be here.
Merash (Sara): I don't want to fulfill my debt,
Merash (Sara): but the myth is just sort of.
Merash (Sara): I've fallen into this muddy river, jagged cliff massage, and she just is lost and looks defeated.
Riswyn: Well, two are the same, I guess. Would you like a pint
Merash (Sara): rashes,
Merash (Sara): puts out her hand, and
Merash (Sara): has a small cup that she passes over to her office.
Rothfis: Roth, the stone fist. Nice to meet you, not iron corn, not. I record
amber foot. It is,
Merash (Sara): I must say, not a pleasure
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through last bitterly, and then sits down right where he is shaking his head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I swear
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): myself to the buzz. Baozel barra's out the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to atone for the terrible things a done for a life misspent for pain inflicted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just that that was yesterday, and I didn't think this was going to come kite so quick.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm glad to be here. If it means
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can go home again.
Riswyn: There is never a good time
Riswyn: for a call from the gods
Riswyn: fear for what is going on
Riswyn: with my companions back where I came from. But
Riswyn: life of service to my clan and my
Riswyn: gods,
Riswyn: and here I am
Riswyn: at this moment,
Riswyn: which is not
Riswyn: my choice.
Riswyn: But
Riswyn: there seems to be a path that way
Riswyn: starting a journey
Riswyn: can see it finished sooner.
Riswyn: Back to what
Riswyn: our plans are.
Rothfis: Breakfast overs another two caps and pushes them in your two directions.
Rothfis: I think if we're going to be a part, c. For however short or long we should,
Rothfis: I'll join together and
Rothfis: cheers to our fates,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cheers to our fates.
Riswyn: It's it's it's it's stone, but it's.
Riswyn: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody walking through the mists.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Riswyn: Get a rope out of my pack and say, I don't know what lying ahead, and I don't know
Riswyn: what's been provided
Riswyn: on each of our backs. But if we're going to do this together,
Riswyn: maybe we should hang on to something.
Riswyn: Does it seem like there's not a mist. We can't see where we're going. Or is it just
Riswyn: like a passage? You know you can't see where you're going,
Riswyn: I
Timothy Sackton: I mean. There you can see like occasionally through
Timothy Sackton: every now and then it'll clear a little bit, and there's like a muddy,
Timothy Sackton: a muddy river bank. That seems like what you would appear next to if you stepped through the sail,
Timothy Sackton: but it's dim and shadowy.
Merash (Sara): I resignedly, looped my hand through the length of rope,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and with shake of his head and a rueful smile throw grabs him, too.
Rothfis: One one more for the road, and he pours himself one more out of the keg and then floods it back up. And I've got two things to hold on to. I guess if he takes the rope in one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you step through holding on to this rope.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: For a moment
Timothy Sackton: you pass through these myths. You hear
Timothy Sackton: the screams of battle, dark shapes, moving
Timothy Sackton: flicker of flames,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: that you pass through,
Timothy Sackton: and you find yourself standing
Timothy Sackton: on a muddy river bank.
Timothy Sackton: The sky is dim and cloudy, the feeble light of the sun barely noticeable, the landscape gray and dull. To your left
Timothy Sackton: a cliff
Timothy Sackton: looms out of the mist, stretching maybe one hundred and fifty feet in the air, and running north as far as you can see along the edge of the river,
Timothy Sackton: across the river. From where you're standing to the right a flat plane stretches into the distance,
Timothy Sackton: for all in clouds of ash and dust lifted by winds, you cannot feel or see
Timothy Sackton: um ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: It's distance and size almost impossible to judge, but probably at least fifty feet high, stands a massive statue.
Timothy Sackton: It looks vaguely like a warrior. It is holding an axe and a shield, but where its head should be simply sits a massive skull, and it seems to be standing on a pile of bones at least
Timothy Sackton: ten, fifteen feet high,
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: across sort of in the same direction as the statue, but across the river from it,
Timothy Sackton: on the tops of the cliffs you can see flickering lights of a small handful of campfires, and a little closer to you than the campfires at the base of the cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: A few lanterns glimmer in the gloom, perhaps marking some kind of settlement of sorts.
Timothy Sackton: You see no animals, no
Timothy Sackton: signs of life, nothing moving,
Timothy Sackton: hardly any sound at all.
Merash (Sara): Is this a landscape any of us recognized from our travels?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: no.
Rothfis: Do we assume this to be The shadow fell from the
Rothfis: Yes, yes,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's clear that this is more column. This is, though
Timothy Sackton: Shadow Fell realm where this dwarf hogram you are sent to
Timothy Sackton: judge,
Timothy Sackton: must be found.
Riswyn: The statue looks possibly like the statue that was in the vision except the
Riswyn: swapped out a regular stone-born head for a skull.
Timothy Sackton: It looks vaguely similar yes, clearly twisted and different. I mean. There was not a giant pile of bones in the statue of a vision
boundary.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it is reminiscent of that for sure.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you want to go,
Timothy Sackton: and as you started to just like to be clear, all your adventure and your equipment comes with you, if you even if you didn't have a
Rothfis: could Rothless do a history or something to um. To think of stories of this he's heard in the tavern, or would know
Rothfis: the shadow fell, or of this specific battle and everything we've been told about.
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
Rothfis: Okay, let me see if i'm still linked up through the beyond twenty,
Rothfis: all right. That was quick, sweet.
Rothfis: It's up to your Internet.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there we go. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah. I mean, you've heard You've heard tales of
Timothy Sackton: the shadow of all You've certainly heard you've heard tales of this
Timothy Sackton: Ah, of this whole series of events, right? So there was. This was maybe one hundred and fifty years ago. Um. Maybe two hundred years ago there was this mass of war. One of the Dorman kingdoms got basically completely destroyed, overrun by aberrations from the deep.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarfs all fled south.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: and some thirty forty years after they fled south there was a famous expedition
Timothy Sackton: red led by um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: this a young dwarf, like sort of hotshot Commander
Timothy Sackton: Nora silver sparks over,
Timothy Sackton: and a veteran of the wars,
Timothy Sackton: a veteran of the great war, who had come back, fight after fighting, and mind flares and other crazy things deep underground,
Timothy Sackton: had sort of been a bit of a hero
Timothy Sackton: who traveled with Nora. This was Hagrim
Timothy Sackton: traveled with Northern north.
Timothy Sackton: There were many, many dwarves who were never made it silent, so there was a
Timothy Sackton: mission to hopefully
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: find those who could be found.
Timothy Sackton: Um! This chalice of the Rune priest was brought, as it's what it's what or sustains you
Timothy Sackton: has healing properties? Or so it was thought.
Timothy Sackton: But the
Timothy Sackton: war man never returned,
Timothy Sackton: none of the refugees ever returned, and the chalice was lost,
Timothy Sackton: sure
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of years, and that after that event
Timothy Sackton: the refugee dwarfs had the dorms who had established the new kingdom, sort of turned their back on
Timothy Sackton: the ruins.
Timothy Sackton: It off is too dangerous not willing to risk any others.
Rothfis: Uh you, said
Rothfis: Hogram. Silver spark. Is there two different people,
Rothfis: Nora Sparksilber, who was the young hotshot commander of the war bands that went north.
Timothy Sackton: She was the leader, but
Timothy Sackton: Hogram firebrand was the sort of hero of the previous war. An old veteran who
Timothy Sackton: went as kind of the
Timothy Sackton: champion and and Um
Timothy Sackton: called out of retirement somewhat reluctantly. Sort of
Timothy Sackton: travel traveled north.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: A sort of heroic face of the expedition under the command of Nora Sparks over
Timothy Sackton: uh, And you actually, since you're um
Timothy Sackton: realist since you're in is is in chart, and you'd actually heard
Timothy Sackton: rumors. You thought unsubstantiated about the recovery of this chalice About a year ago there was supposedly some
Timothy Sackton: wizard at the University, who was like
Timothy Sackton: telling
Timothy Sackton: tall tales that you attributed to just tall tales,
Timothy Sackton: since it had been lost for hundreds of years,
Timothy Sackton: but apparently
Timothy Sackton: well. Rizwin is now holding the chalice so
Timothy Sackton: clearly, not entirely tall tales
Rothfis: very cool.
So
Timothy Sackton: you're all standing on the banks of this river, starting to sink slowly into the bud.
Timothy Sackton: There are lights ahead of you, campfires and lanterns.
Timothy Sackton: There's an ashy play into your right and cliffs to your left
Timothy Sackton: at a giant statue in the distance.
Riswyn: Despite an uncertain welcome from those lanterns and campfires,
Riswyn: it's probably safer than poking through this pile of bones, looking for, information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's say below, I agree
Rothfis: whether there's a campfire. There's good food and good drink.
Rothfis: It's better than here, that's for sure.
Timothy Sackton: So you begin walking.
Timothy Sackton: Um. Are you heading to the
Timothy Sackton: campfires on the top of the cliffs, or the lanterns at the base of the cliff? They seem to be too separate
Timothy Sackton: things,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but which is
Timothy Sackton: uh, the lanterns are closer.
Merash (Sara): I feel like that might be a safer first option.
Rothfis: Would we have to pass by them to get to the fires, anyway, if they're at the base.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if you, if you climb up to the top of the cliff
Timothy Sackton: right the cliff's running parallel to the river to the north
Timothy Sackton: for miles. You it's almost impossible to general distance here. It doesn't
Timothy Sackton: There's no curvature of the earth right? It's just a flat. So distance is really hard to judge, because the thing is
Timothy Sackton: vanishes off the horizon. It just gets too small for you to see
Rothfis: that. Um! We would have to climb the,
Timothy Sackton: but you'd have to climb to get to the campus. But if you climb up, then you would presumably not be seen by whenever it was a But
Riswyn: yeah, I had originally thought you meant like the lantern sort of marked the path up to the campfires or something. But no, no, there they seem to be different things. They're both
Timothy Sackton: in the distance. You can't really see details, because it's gloomy and dark, dark and dim light. But you can see lights quite far away, so they are obvious
Rothfis: volunteers can mark ins, and that's even That's our food and drink let's go there.
Timothy Sackton: So you begin walking.
It's it's It's
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: time doesn't seem to.
Timothy Sackton: Your Your sense of movement is is odd. Right. You walk,
Timothy Sackton: and the landscape doesn't seem to change much as you walk, but
Timothy Sackton: every now and then you look up, and it does seem like perhaps the lights are getting closer.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours. You've gone, maybe
Timothy Sackton: four or five, six, eight miles. It's hard to judge,
Timothy Sackton: but details are beginning to become apparent. You can see
Timothy Sackton: what look like buildings jutting out from the cliff, crudely shaped of mud and rock.
Timothy Sackton: Some,
Timothy Sackton: you know, some beginning to collapse a little bit, but some lights hanging outside, others
Timothy Sackton: that.
Timothy Sackton: And as you go another
Timothy Sackton: hour, maybe
Timothy Sackton: another three, four miles. You can see that there's a um. This little cluster of buildings is clustered around like a large central cave opening that's been hollowed out, and you can see
Timothy Sackton: now maybe
Timothy Sackton: two, three, five, six, eight miles away from you. It's hard to say,
Timothy Sackton: but every now and then you'll see a little bit of movement.
Timothy Sackton: Aye,
Timothy Sackton: people, animals.
Timothy Sackton: It's difficult to tell up this distance,
Timothy Sackton: but as you continue walking, stop me if you want to stop walking
Timothy Sackton: uh you see now, uh,
Timothy Sackton: maybe four hours after you first
Timothy Sackton: first entered. Although
Timothy Sackton: the sun doesn't seem to move in the sky, whatever light there is,
Timothy Sackton: so it's difficult to judge the passage of time,
Timothy Sackton: You see, as you get
Timothy Sackton: now, maybe only a mile or two away from the this cluster of buildings that they're
Timothy Sackton: does seem to be some kind of
ah
Timothy Sackton: people maybe dwarfs
Timothy Sackton: um walking back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: If it's a patrol, it's a
Timothy Sackton: it's a pretty ineffectual one,
Timothy Sackton: as it seems. There's maybe three, or there's four of them just kind of pacing in a semicircle right outside the line of the buildings
Timothy Sackton: out here.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody seems to really be watching. They're just
Timothy Sackton: pacing
Timothy Sackton: no other signs of life.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody seems to have noticed you at the moment.
Merash (Sara): Is there any sort of structure that we can sort of pause behind or use to obstruct our view from the settlement.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's all. It looks like this background, right? There's tons of like little rocky outcroppings and piles of stone that have fallen off the cliffs. Um! If you stay up against the cliff, it's pretty easy to be
Timothy Sackton: to be obscured from view.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we stay obscured and get a little closer.
Riswyn: Do we want to surprise them? I mean, they might
Riswyn: object to that.
Merash (Sara): Can we see if they have any sort of like weaponry, or like? I guess these kind of
Timothy Sackton: too too far away to make our details?
Riswyn: Well, Then let's say i'm scared.
Timothy Sackton: Get closer.
Timothy Sackton: About
Timothy Sackton: three four hundred feet from the from the settlement. There's a rock out crop and you can crack behind, and you can now clearly see. These are four dwarves
Timothy Sackton: wearing what looked like
Timothy Sackton: badly maintained chain male armor,
Timothy Sackton: and two of them wearing helmets
Timothy Sackton: carrying
Timothy Sackton: that especially, I mean even at this distance. Um marriage to your eye. Given your your smithing experience, these you know the the acts and the two swords and the hammer that the four dwarfs carry are um,
Riswyn: you would say, almost in shockingly poor state of repair.
Timothy Sackton: This is, you would be ashamed to be associated with these weapons.
It's a
Timothy Sackton: still Haven't noticed you.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be just staring straight ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Normally, when you think of somebody in guard, you know, on garden duty, right like they're looking,
Timothy Sackton: you know. They're sort of um paying attention. They're
Timothy Sackton: blancing, turning their heads.
Timothy Sackton: They're just staring straight ahead and walking on this sort of rhythmic
Timothy Sackton: routine.
Rothfis: So we've been walking for miles and miles and hours and hours at this point and Roth, this is starting to slur his speech a bit, and he says,
Rothfis: Are we expecting to make bad dwarves here?
Rothfis: Are these not? For
Riswyn: I can't tell if they're
Riswyn: true dwarves who take,
Riswyn: you know,
Riswyn: the same
Riswyn: values as all dwarves seriously, or if they're some sort of dwarf zombies,
Rothfis: I did not sign up for zombies.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna approach?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Not a super perceptive party.
Riswyn: Well, i'm not used to this after, like
Timothy Sackton: the past couple of games of well being
Timothy Sackton: the the highest pass. The perception is fifteen.
Riswyn: Well, i'm waiting to see what happens when I cast her and undead
Timothy Sackton: you. So you approach.
Riswyn: Are you like? There's a range of walking in in what order? And What's your attitude as you walk up to the village?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we go around again, you remember, like who who is armored and weapon? And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): now
Merash (Sara): ah, I'm,
Merash (Sara): I have plates on, and a couple kind of like I have a mall and a handb so like, fairly
Merash (Sara): Thank you
Merash (Sara): for Now,
Rothfis: yeah, i'm. I'm just dressed like an innkeeper.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this one is heavily armored as well.
Riswyn: You've got two white armor, carrots, white armor, hammer, carrying dwarves, a two butt armor no weapon doors
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through our turns to Rattus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe they go on the front.
Rothfis: I
Riswyn: I am
yeah,
Riswyn: wondering if I have any.
Riswyn: Do either of you use a crossbow.
Riswyn: And could you use a crossbow if I gave you microscope?
Rothfis: Or if we need to fight, i'll be just fine with what I've got?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's the same cis thrower, holding up his totally empty hands.
Riswyn: Well, then,
Riswyn: we'll go First
Timothy Sackton: you walk forward, and and as you begin to approach, I mean you are the two
Timothy Sackton: plate, armored, heavy weapon carrying dwarves. I'm not quiet.
Merash (Sara): We're clanky,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Timothy Sackton: you get maybe a hundred feet. You You get about halfway across the sort of open stretch from behind this, this little outcropping to
Timothy Sackton: towards the village, when when one of them, one of these four dwarves, stops,
Timothy Sackton: sort of turns slowly to look at you and like
Timothy Sackton: blanks um
Timothy Sackton: kind of shakes his head
Timothy Sackton: and looks up at you,
Timothy Sackton: says,
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
Riswyn: I'm a hundred feet away.
Yeah,
Riswyn: and we, in a decently loud voice,
Riswyn: piece of the bar is out to you,
Riswyn: where,
Riswyn: finding ourselves newly in this parts,
Riswyn: can you tell us about your home
Timothy Sackton: sort of blinks a few times and
Timothy Sackton: steps forward again, and he says
Timothy Sackton: you are.
Timothy Sackton: You are not
Timothy Sackton: some more, Colin.
Riswyn: We're in more. Colin now
Timothy Sackton: looks over, and one of the other guards kind of shakes her head, and
Timothy Sackton: one of the two carrying a badly made sword, and she looks looks over at him, and she like slowly nods. And then she just begins to walk into the river.
Timothy Sackton: But towards and across the river basically there seems to be a ford or a shallow spot here
Timothy Sackton: brings
Timothy Sackton: strangers
Timothy Sackton: to these parts.
Timothy Sackton: Do not see.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be like thinking for a moment like trying to remember a word,
Timothy Sackton: outsiders
Timothy Sackton: very often
Merash (Sara): we are looking for our friend.
Merash (Sara): Maybe you know him.
Timothy Sackton: You have a
Timothy Sackton: trend.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know
Timothy Sackton: what is friend.
Merash (Sara): Another outsider, perhaps
Timothy Sackton: a few on the cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: We don't speak.
Timothy Sackton: The woman who left is now like halfway across the river.
Merash (Sara): Can we see anything across the river that she might be going towards
Timothy Sackton: the massive statue on the Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It's like some, maybe three, four miles upriver from here.
Riswyn: Does your party guard against outsiders or some other danger in these parts,
Riswyn: or the people on the Cliff
Timothy Sackton: Soldiers Guard.
Timothy Sackton: We are a soldiers,
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Rothfis: And where is she going? Quite to the one moving across the river.
Rothfis: What's she guarding?
Timothy Sackton: Newcomers must be announced.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To whom?
Timothy Sackton: To more colony?
Rothfis: Do any of us know that name?
Timothy Sackton: It's just what the browser. I'll told you the name of this shadow. Foul domain is
Rothfis: this is my entire domain
Rothfis: a better
Rothfis: on the next at best.
Riswyn: At this point
Riswyn: go ahead
Riswyn: saying to you, you all of them aside, Perhaps we don't want to make the acquaintance of more. Colin.
Merash (Sara): Are the people on the cliff outsiders
Merash (Sara): two.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you know I was on the cliff?
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: don't
Timothy Sackton: others spoke,
Timothy Sackton: or calling,
Timothy Sackton: or Colin told us
Timothy Sackton: once
Timothy Sackton: to tell them things, and we did,
Timothy Sackton: but not me. Others
Timothy Sackton: Why are
Timothy Sackton: Why are you here? I must
Timothy Sackton: continue my
Timothy Sackton: patrol.
Timothy Sackton: It is
Timothy Sackton: important, I think,
Timothy Sackton: or Colin will be angry if the forms are not kept.
Riswyn: You don't need to disturb your patrol duties any longer.
Riswyn: We had hopes there might be a settlement here
Riswyn: where we could mute
Riswyn: folk and and converse. But you seem busy
Rothfis: there a safe way up the cliffs. The
Timothy Sackton: there
Timothy Sackton: is probably
Rothfis: great.
Rothfis: What is it?
Timothy Sackton: I was not sent
Timothy Sackton: at control.
Timothy Sackton: Others do that duty.
Riswyn: Where are the messengers?
Riswyn: We do that duty,
Timothy Sackton: the village.
Riswyn: Please hold that to many.
Timothy Sackton: I I must patrol. I will not
Timothy Sackton: stop you. You will be announced, and that is all that more Colin cares.
Timothy Sackton: You may pass or leave as you choose,
Timothy Sackton: but I will go.
Riswyn: I don't know whether it turns he starts walking again.
Riswyn: I don't know whether her home here or not, but I think we should talk to these messengers quickly before more Cullen
Riswyn: past time to think of us
Rothfis: play.
I sort of sigh, and I say, you know,
Rothfis: point to the woman walking across the river.
Rothfis: I'm a lot quicker than I look,
Merash (Sara): it feels like splitting up.
Merash (Sara): It's never the right option.
Riswyn: Should we all go to stop the messenger
Riswyn: her colleagues might notice,
Riswyn: for
Riswyn: can't remember
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the other choices are to go on toward the village or to seek away to the top of the cliff.
Riswyn: Yeah, I mean you're pretty close the entrance of the village, you can see,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's like this little cluster of buildings. And then there's like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cave. It looks actually kind of like many small dwarf and villages in the mountains, like a small set of outbuildings
Timothy Sackton: on the surface. And then I
Timothy Sackton: cavern that goes in that,
Timothy Sackton: you know, presumably where the bulk of the settlement is,
Timothy Sackton: but it seems to be in in disrepair like It's not in very good shape.
Merash (Sara): Could we try to get in to see the messengers in the town before we try to make our way up the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, your impression was, these guards are not.
Timothy Sackton: They're not doing anything they're
Timothy Sackton: patrolling, but seemingly for no real purpose other than to announce strangers to more quality whatever that
Timothy Sackton: So they're clearly not going to stop you. If you proceed into the village,
Timothy Sackton: which is presumably mostly inside the
Timothy Sackton: class.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll say that it's the patrolling Dwarf before we go on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where's your commanding officer?
Timothy Sackton: Blinks,
Timothy Sackton: and for a minute,
Timothy Sackton: you see, like a like a look of what seems like real sadness on his face.
Timothy Sackton: Just a ghost. Now, I think
Timothy Sackton: any sort of pauses for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen him
Timothy Sackton: in a long time.
Timothy Sackton: They're all ghosts now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you? A coast
Timothy Sackton: kind of shakes his head for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: What did you say? Um,
Timothy Sackton: did you?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's like
Timothy Sackton: turns back away from my I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I must continue now I I I,
Timothy Sackton: where Colin will be angry,
Timothy Sackton: continues walking away from you.
Rothfis: I don't like this. I just want to say it before we move on.
Rothfis: I don't want to get announced to it.
Rothfis: Giant statue, or whatever it is,
Riswyn: the path of the Chris will probably be
Riswyn: faster safer than scrambling up right now on ropes to be attacked, while we're dangling on
Riswyn: handholds and footholds by a giant statue.
Riswyn: I say we see the path.
Timothy Sackton: So you
Timothy Sackton: past the guards then,
Timothy Sackton: and enter into the sort of central chamber of the village, and this is a raid,
Timothy Sackton: as many relatively small dormant villages are as sort of an entry chamber, and that it opens into a larger cavern. Um that has both. Ah! Some buildings sort of in the on the cave floor kind of
Timothy Sackton: stacked three, four stories high, climbing up the sides, and then as well some some
Timothy Sackton: dwellings and other buildings that have been carved directly out of the cliff. So, as you enter as you end, pass through this sort of entryway cliff and open into this um larger expanse. It's maybe a you know, a large cavern, maybe a few hundred feet across, and maybe
Timothy Sackton: thirty feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you can see. So you see a few things. First of all, there are signs of life here, right? You can hear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know the occasional rustle of movement, low whispered voices
Timothy Sackton: you can hear coming from what seemed to be one of the better one of the better maintained houses
Timothy Sackton: sort of off from the main village square a little bit. What sounds like a low, quiet,
Timothy Sackton: sobbing somebody um
Timothy Sackton: trying to
Timothy Sackton: like somebody crying into a pillow. Basically that kind of like muffled sobbing
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: You know the occasional sound of a door closing, opening everything muffled, but definitely more,
Timothy Sackton: you know. Every now and then you'll you know you're just kind of standing here kind of taking in. You see one you
Timothy Sackton: an older or dwarven woman, kind of limping slowly across kind of looks at you startled, and then quickly darts into the building that she was going to
Timothy Sackton: um. You also see
Timothy Sackton: at the back of this cavern there's a
Timothy Sackton: another tunnel that goes
Timothy Sackton: forward and looks like it begins to slope off slightly.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably uh, you know this. Could
Timothy Sackton: this could house
Timothy Sackton: several hundred dwarfs
Timothy Sackton: four, five, six hundred something like that in your estimation,
Timothy Sackton: but lots of it is in very poor repair.
Timothy Sackton: Only a handful of houses seem to be actively maintained.
Timothy Sackton: There's no shops, there's no caverns. There's no,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there's a well in the center of the village square, which is fairly typical, but otherwise there doesn't seem to be any obvious signs of commerce or
Timothy Sackton: our industry,
Timothy Sackton: and nobody seems to be curious about you. Nobody is
Timothy Sackton: coming out and looking
the strangers. If anything. People are
Timothy Sackton: shutting their doors
Timothy Sackton: tighter.
Riswyn: You can't chat up an innkeeper. How do you get to know a town
Rothfis: right? This seems like such a lovely place. Let's stay here as long as we can.
Rothfis: Oh, this
Rothfis: just looking around.
Rothfis: Not a home for dwarfs
Rothfis: are these?
Rothfis: Do we expect that
Rothfis: these are the refugees, or like.
Rothfis: How would these folks fit into the history that we understand?
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: so that history that you understand, was like one hundred and fifty years ago,
Timothy Sackton: so a young dwarf
Timothy Sackton: one hundred and fifty years ago, somebody who was maybe around forty, fifty, sixty would be an old a middle-aged going to old dwarf now, but
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely within a dwarven lifespan. Like many dwarfs, most dwarfs lived in two hundred and fifty year,
Timothy Sackton: you know, three hundred and some live much much longer than that, so
Timothy Sackton: you know it's. It's certainly within the realm of plausibility that you,
Timothy Sackton: you know. Anybody who was very old at the time would presumably not
Timothy Sackton: still be alive Right? Anybody who was two hundred would be three, fifty now, which would be
Timothy Sackton: possible but bold.
Riswyn: And yet you have any program the old veterans.
Riswyn: And yet we're looking for Hagrim, the old veteran,
Timothy Sackton: you know many Dwarvan settlements don't have
Timothy Sackton: huge numbers of young, but it is notable that there aren't. There's even fewer young
Timothy Sackton: dwarves than you would expect
Timothy Sackton: like you. Haven't seen any young dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: But you've not seen hardly any people, so
Timothy Sackton: Who is to say,
Merash (Sara): the ones that we have seen? Do they have the same kind of like
Merash (Sara): zombie
Merash (Sara): qualities to them?
Timothy Sackton: Um, no, I mean the one woman, the one old woman who was like walking across the
Timothy Sackton: the sort of opening in the center of the village, and then darted into a building didn't seem to be particularly zombies,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: obviously there's somebody crying somebody where that doesn't seem super zombie-ish
Timothy Sackton: like people muffled sounds. Don't seem
Timothy Sackton: nobody is like you know trapped in some sort of routine like that.
Timothy Sackton: There was nobody who's like. Mechanically pulling up the bucket at the well and dropping it back down, or anything.
Rothfis: Should we go see if we can get that scared old woman to talk to us? She probably ever
Rothfis: good history of the place, at least,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and i'm sure we could find ways to make her talk.
Rothfis: Yeah, and I like pound on the keg.
Rothfis: It looks like they don't have much fun around here.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: are you going to go? Knock on her door?
Riswyn: Was her, or one of the more well kept ones or
Timothy Sackton: um
Riswyn: midrange mid range? There's so just kind of glancing around. There's
Timothy Sackton: Ah! There's like one little section of the of the village that is pretty well maintained and it's mostly two and three-story buildings kind of in this large one hundred and two hundred foot um sized cavern um as the back. But everything's just falling down, and
Timothy Sackton: you know there's you know, Kate, that you even see a tunnel that's collapsed, which is, like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: totally out of character. Rated normal. Dormant village would never allow a tunnel collapse to just sit there collapsed, for who knows how long?
Timothy Sackton: Um! But then, you know, sort of in the center and and sort of opposite side of the village from the one little well-maintained area There's like a mix of buildings that are
Timothy Sackton: not falling apart, but not I mean nothing here. It's pretty, but
Timothy Sackton: um her house is one of the um
Timothy Sackton: not falling apart, but not like
Timothy Sackton: particularly nice. The sobbing seems to be coming from one of the nicer
Timothy Sackton: the like nice. Well-me not nice, but like the well-maintained section,
Timothy Sackton: and most of the sort of much a lot of the muffled noises are coming from that section as well like the occasional
Timothy Sackton: door closing, or like something being set on a table or
Timothy Sackton: cough
Timothy Sackton: low voices.
Riswyn: I'd rather not spend time talking to someone
Riswyn: given in so much to this environment that they
Riswyn: for a little
Riswyn: are like the guard and sort of
Riswyn: lost in
Riswyn: in in their place.
Riswyn: So
Riswyn: if the old woman's house is well enough maintained that she looks like she could hold a coherent conversation when those things actually correlate that I think it's worth trying,
Riswyn: or we can just go knock on the nicest door we see
Riswyn: either way. We have a lovely flask to offer.
Merash (Sara): Well, at least we know that she would be behind that door as well. The other ones are a bit more of a crap shoe.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good choice. Folks
Riswyn: knock on the door and ask if you like a drink.
Timothy Sackton: You knock on the door, and like
Timothy Sackton: pulls it open like a tiny bit, so she can.
Timothy Sackton: She can peer out, and she's probably
Timothy Sackton: at least two hundred, maybe older. Her hair has gone totally white, is like tied up in a long ponytail
Timothy Sackton: in the back,
Timothy Sackton: wrinkled gray face.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, leaning over, you know a little bit,
Timothy Sackton: looks at you and says
Timothy Sackton: no strangers
Timothy Sackton: goes to shut the door,
Rothfis: and I guess I reach out more quickly than you would expect, and I put a hand on the door, and I say,
Rothfis: how can we be strangers if we bring ale
Timothy Sackton: There's no ale in this place?
Rothfis: I pricksters.
Rothfis: I start pouring out of my bug just like a few drips in front of her. I say
Rothfis: not a trick,
Rothfis: a treat.
Timothy Sackton: We go.
Timothy Sackton: Persuasion check.
Rothfis: It's a coin flip for me. Let's see how it goes.
Rothfis: Ah, not so good.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of goes to shut the door again, and she says,
Timothy Sackton: meat. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: don't care for Al
Timothy Sackton: slams the door shut.
Rothfis: Well, that went well.
It could have been worse
Rothfis: right and not stabbed.
Riswyn: You're not stabbed. That's the spirit. Let's look for a thirst, dear neighbor.
Timothy Sackton: Pick a random house.
Riswyn: We hear noises.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: but not the house of the crying coming from it
Riswyn: near that intrigued by the crying,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go for the crime.
Timothy Sackton: There's lots of other houses.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me what the quality of house the door that door you want to talk about
Riswyn: really nice house
Merash (Sara): you're recognized.
Get it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the nice of
Timothy Sackton: But the the two best maintained houses are the house where there's the low sobbing which now seems to be kind of stopping a little bit, and that house next door to that which is
Timothy Sackton: the only place um
Timothy Sackton: where you, as you sort of approach that side of the village you actually hear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly like a full-fledged forge, but you hear the sound of like somebody running a metal against a wet still like, and the occasional like like tapping.
Um.
Timothy Sackton: There's no doesn't seem to be any fire, or you don't hear bellows or anything like that. So it's probably just like
Timothy Sackton: straightening a blade, just you know. Gently with um cold cold honing. But you definitely that's the There's the solving sound, and there's the
Timothy Sackton: somebody repairing some piece of metal sand or the two nicest houses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm more intrigued by repairing of a blade. I feel like there might be common ground there.
Riswyn: Let's go talk shop,
Riswyn: and do for a
Merash (Sara): to have a ford. Have hybrid things.
Timothy Sackton: He knock on the door
Timothy Sackton: here, I
Timothy Sackton: muttering under breath and dormish
Timothy Sackton: like It sounds like a
Timothy Sackton: the elderly voice of an elderly man. Who could that be?
Timothy Sackton: Now it
Timothy Sackton: One moment
there you go.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Slow footsteps door opens just to crack,
Timothy Sackton: but now they're all dwarf, probably uh
Timothy Sackton: at least two hundred
Timothy Sackton: um solemn pepper beard braided tightly,
Timothy Sackton: hair pulled
Timothy Sackton: pull back also braided tightly, but very long, like going down to the middle of his back,
Timothy Sackton: also like black and salm pepper, like black, with lots of white in it um wearing like these thick leather gloves, and he's holding
Timothy Sackton: because Sard is holding is not in great shape.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it's been
Timothy Sackton: that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, both uh marriage and risen, and
Timothy Sackton: it's been honed like way too many times. Right? It's like it. Seems like this: this guy is just constantly sharpening this sword to the point that he's almost all that beyond the point of usefulness. Um,
Timothy Sackton: but it's shining. It's not rusted at all. It seems to be well taken care of,
Timothy Sackton: and he looks
Timothy Sackton: surprised.
Timothy Sackton: I'm shocked almost to see your shining armor and your weapons, and your
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane's shield. And just you're like the sort of quality of your year
Timothy Sackton: says, Who are you?
Merash (Sara): We are
Merash (Sara): from newcomers to town, and we heard the sounds that possibly you might have
Merash (Sara): a bit of a shop that we might be able to speak with you over,
Merash (Sara): perhaps a straw to lend
Timothy Sackton: and call it a shop
Timothy Sackton: that come in. Come in,
Don't. Just stand there if somebody will see you.
Merash (Sara): What are we not doing here?
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: I guess you probably can't leave at this point, so it's only a matter of time,
Merash (Sara): all right. I'd kind of go inside in.
Merash (Sara): What could go wrong.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of like bows slightly to the two women, and he says,
Timothy Sackton: dwarf at your service, such as it is,
Merash (Sara): dwarf and and Marsh
Timothy Sackton: just shakes his head
Timothy Sackton: rash
Riswyn: this one
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through, and these
Timothy Sackton: partly equipped fellows ching behind you
Rothfis: poorly quit,
Rothfis: and i'm four, and i'm a pint.
Rothfis: It's your plate.
Timothy Sackton: Are you serious?
The
Rothfis: I never joke about ale,
Timothy Sackton: Hand it over.
Rothfis: There's more where that came from
Rothfis: down like, puts his feet up, takes a sip, just sighs for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: That takes me back.
Timothy Sackton: It seems that ale is hard to come by here.
Timothy Sackton: Can't remember
Timothy Sackton: to when, but
Timothy Sackton: it's familiar. Somehow.
You
Timothy Sackton: He looks puzzled for a moment.
the
so there,
Timothy Sackton: somewhere in
you
Timothy Sackton: beyond the village.
Timothy Sackton: What?
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come from.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't seen new dwarves in
Timothy Sackton: many a year.
Timothy Sackton: Is there another city
Timothy Sackton: somewhere in this world?
Merash (Sara): It's a bit complicated where we're from, but we're hoping that we're able to pass through.
Merash (Sara): You seem to not want us to be seen. Is there something that we should know of
Timothy Sackton: Collins? I is watching,
Merash (Sara): and my Collin is
Merash (Sara): a dwarf,
Merash (Sara): a being.
Timothy Sackton: I feel like I
Timothy Sackton: new ones
Timothy Sackton: now. He,
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: sometimes just
Timothy Sackton: speaks.
Timothy Sackton: Anyone here
Timothy Sackton: could become more calling in a moment
Timothy Sackton: speaking
Timothy Sackton: commands
Timothy Sackton: test our loyalty.
Timothy Sackton: Those who disobey
Timothy Sackton: into the ash fields for the trolls.
Timothy Sackton: So if he has not met you yet, there will be a test coming, I am sure,
Timothy Sackton: Can't imagine it would be pleasant tense.
Timothy Sackton: Stay outside.
Riswyn: What do you know of the dwarfs on the hill?
Riswyn: We heard some messengers from this village had been sent
Timothy Sackton: dwarves. Now,
Timothy Sackton: humans up there,
Timothy Sackton: wanderers,
Timothy Sackton: we're calling to
Timothy Sackton: rightly, saying, I
Timothy Sackton: I feel like I once knew of a
Timothy Sackton: place that was not bleak, cold.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: they wander in sometimes,
Timothy Sackton: paying little mind, but
Timothy Sackton: if they always seem lost we call it the lost camps up there
Timothy Sackton: every now and then
Timothy Sackton: more. Colin will
Timothy Sackton: possess somebody and go up, and you
Timothy Sackton: tell them he has the secret of
Timothy Sackton: what they're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what they're looking for in the lost camps
Timothy Sackton: to be found again, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: And now look
Timothy Sackton: for a minute hopeful,
Timothy Sackton: and then more. Colin will leave, and there's just a confused torf standing there. No recollection of how they got
Timothy Sackton: to them
Timothy Sackton: camps
Timothy Sackton: unaware of anything to help those
Timothy Sackton: porcelain's.
Merash (Sara): So there's no one in town who actually knows how to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there, there's a row like. Just
Timothy Sackton: go out the back of the village and go up. It's very easy
Timothy Sackton: sort of laughs
Timothy Sackton: that at least I can tell you,
Timothy Sackton: in exchange for the L.
Merash (Sara): We appreciate that.
Merash (Sara): How often does more Collins send
Merash (Sara): a dwarf that
Timothy Sackton: not often,
Timothy Sackton: since the mad priest left his
Timothy Sackton: less and less.
Timothy Sackton: I can't really say when that was, though
Riswyn: the mad priest go to the ashes,
Timothy Sackton: the Ashfield. Yeah,
Riswyn: Having displeased more, Colin
really a
Timothy Sackton: I think he knew some secret,
Timothy Sackton: and it drove a mad.
Timothy Sackton: He refused.
Timothy Sackton: Just show his loyalty,
Timothy Sackton: and I wasn't killed.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess he's probably dead in the ash fields. Now
Rothfis: I say um
Rothfis: thanks for what you've provided so far. But uh,
Rothfis: perhaps
Rothfis: we could trade a little more info for a little more ale.
Rothfis: We're looking for some
Rothfis: a clan named Firebrand or Spark silver.
Rothfis: Have you heard of those names
Timothy Sackton: Clad name,
Rothfis: or how about Pogrim or Nora.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know of them.
Timothy Sackton: Hagan
Timothy Sackton: Nora
Timothy Sackton: to now are there.
Timothy Sackton: You think there are dwarfs who don't live in we cold. I've wondered that
Timothy Sackton: her exploit. Talk.
Timothy Sackton: He thinks there's other dwarves out there, too. He thinks
Timothy Sackton: there's more
Timothy Sackton: than just us.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe he'd know.
Timothy Sackton: The mad priest raved about the
Timothy Sackton: I remember this Now, why do I remember that
Timothy Sackton: place?
Timothy Sackton: What did he call it?
Timothy Sackton: Giovanni?
Timothy Sackton: Maybe,
Timothy Sackton: he said, that was his real home. But there's no such place.
Rothfis: What was the name of the
Rothfis: the person that thought there might be other words.
Timothy Sackton: Ah talk
the sock!
Rothfis: They're time to
Timothy Sackton: talk. Yah! He said.
Riswyn: It works, for he lives next door.
Timothy Sackton: I have that ail. Now, please.
Timothy Sackton: Some are,
Rothfis: of course,
Rothfis: your bread or jeeze if you've got it.
Rothfis: Yeah, I don't know Tim. Would I have been transported with some supplies from the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah. You could have some stuff from the tavern kitchen
Rothfis: A.
Rothfis: Take it slow with this one. It's an aged blue that
Rothfis: you'll probably kick your shoes right off your feet.
Rothfis: It's more mold than cheese. It's just like a big,
Timothy Sackton: and he's sizing for the first time. It looks like he just kind of opens his eyes, and his face lights up,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: tasted anything like that in my life before.
Timothy Sackton: I thank you.
Rothfis: You're welcome, and if you're ever in charge, and don't don't be,
Rothfis: don't be a stranger at stone fist, Stein's and stables,
Rothfis: it's always a paint there for you.
Timothy Sackton: There is no
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: He looks just confused
Riswyn: about that string of words,
Timothy Sackton: kind of size takes out his blade and starts sharpering it again. Just kind of out of a habit more than anything else.
Timothy Sackton: I must say some
Rothfis: go ahead. I was gonna say um. Do you think talk will see us or shoot.
Rothfis: Could you invite him over here to join us?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know he's uh that boy likes to wander.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't seen him for
Timothy Sackton: day or two?
Merash (Sara): Where does he normally wander to?
Timothy Sackton: But the river says that's a
Timothy Sackton: keeps looking for other dwarfs, and for
Timothy Sackton: ghost of his mother
Timothy Sackton: the cells.
Timothy Sackton: The ghosts never leave here.
Timothy Sackton: I guess we'll all be ghosts one day.
Timothy Sackton: Land of ghosts
Timothy Sackton: at least. I've had some Allen cheese before my time. Thank you for that.
Rothfis: At least we could do for you. Setting us straight.
Timothy Sackton: Company is always welcome.
But it
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that I have more to tell you
Timothy Sackton: goes back to sharpering this blade
Rothfis: definitely. It's not like a plus six weapon or something Right?
Rothfis: It's not like a what? Like a super magic weapon. No, no,
Timothy Sackton: it looks like a sword that's been sharpened to within an inch of its light
Rothfis: over. You know
Rothfis: It's gone from like this big to like that thing. He's turned the box into a rape.
I was,
Merash (Sara): I mean i'm tempted to go Try to speak with
Merash (Sara): check
Merash (Sara): attacks
Rothfis: down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's working.
Riswyn: We can actually tell them
Rothfis: get a description of him from this guy before we leave, but otherwise I think we're more or less than here.
Riswyn: You said tac was
Riswyn: Allrex's play,
Timothy Sackton: Rex boy
Riswyn: for ex boy.
Riswyn: Do you think Rick might be home? But tack not
Merash (Sara): It doesn't really sound like people go to Firefield here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It might be worth trying, anyway,
Riswyn: if it's the house next door as long as he tells what's left or right, then maybe we can sneak that way without
Riswyn: being seen too much
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): big.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's left. It's the house that the sobbing is coming to
Riswyn: all right. Let's head to the something else
Riswyn: before Wristwin can't resist the urge to re forge that sword any longer.
Riswyn: So you knock the time next door,
Timothy Sackton: so as you knock on it the door just kind of swings open
Timothy Sackton: like it hasn't it's not locked or barred, or anything, and as you knock it, just creaks open, and you can see this is a larger house than the one next door that i'm
Timothy Sackton: the Smith's houses was a basically just a single room with a bed.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: just his like, you know. Tools.
Timothy Sackton: Um, This is at least
Timothy Sackton: at least three rooms, and it goes. It's up against the wall of the cave, and then goes back,
Timothy Sackton: and, unlike Ah, the smith's house, where he seemed perfectly content to just rely on dark vision and see everything in chains of gray. Um! There's a lantern here, and you can see that there's like a few splashes of color, even like there's a a red blanket
Timothy Sackton: that's worn to bits, and as you, you,
Timothy Sackton: as the door sort of swings open dwarf Of's indeterminate age need to be
Timothy Sackton: at least middle-aged. Who's been
Timothy Sackton: kind of was dressed in just plain, plain sort of clothes. Nothing Fancy drab
Timothy Sackton: Where is a silver ring around his neck
Timothy Sackton: again?
Timothy Sackton: I haven't seen anybody else with jewelry or adornments, or anything,
Timothy Sackton: and he he looks up from the table in the middle of the room that you enter as the door strings open. He
Timothy Sackton: yes,
you
Timothy Sackton: kind of dries his eyes a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
Why do you bother me?
Timothy Sackton: No one is ever here to help, so please
Timothy Sackton: have you gone.
Merash (Sara): We just spoke with your neighbor,
Merash (Sara): and he mentioned that
Merash (Sara): you and your boy might know of dwarves not from here.
Timothy Sackton: He like sort of grit, grits his teeth a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: This meddling, busy bodies
Timothy Sackton: he didn't encourage him, he would
Timothy Sackton: still be here.
Merash (Sara): Do you speak of your boy?
Timothy Sackton: Why, it
Timothy Sackton: damn Smith,
Timothy Sackton: putting stories in his head,
Timothy Sackton: shakes his head again. Just
Timothy Sackton: actually make a make out
persuasion check.
Merash (Sara): Do you want us to use role twenty for this? Because I don't think my character sheet is hooked up to it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you can just do it in. So yeah, I forget to mention this.
Timothy Sackton: There's a chrome extension called D and D. Beyond the earth's call beyond twenty that sinks two of them. But you can just roll in the role. Twenty?
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Merash (Sara): Oh, it's okay. So it it did work.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I was in. Sorry, not in.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's already hooked up. He kind of stops, scoffs at you and says,
Timothy Sackton: If you're not here to help, just go
Timothy Sackton: leave me tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Leave me.
Riswyn: Perhaps we're we to break bread and talk a bit.
Riswyn: You could tell us about your boy, and we could help find him.
Riswyn: We're good at looking for folks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could get all those ideas out of his head once and for all.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you from?
No one in bleak hold that ever offered to help anyone before.
Timothy Sackton: He looks puzzled,
Timothy Sackton: and then he, like sort of opens his eyes again, and seems to be
Timothy Sackton: taking in your appearance.
Timothy Sackton: It says again.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you from?
Merash (Sara): We are new to the cold,
Merash (Sara): and just looking for a friend.
It's a
Timothy Sackton: well
Timothy Sackton: wait, Did you say? Break bread?
Rothfis: I've got some ale and a bit of cheese.
Rothfis: Brothless stone fits that your service
Timothy Sackton: correct.
Timothy Sackton: It's work.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of shakes this out again.
He looks over at all of you.
Timothy Sackton: I know this is one of more Collins tricks, but
Timothy Sackton: can't give our Pope yet.
Timothy Sackton: How would you find him
Riswyn: start by telling us what it looks like
Timothy Sackton: it's high.
I guess he's not so young anymore,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Almost Jerry and she looks at um
Timothy Sackton: Marish!
Timothy Sackton: He's a
Timothy Sackton: he's a lied fellow, fast
Timothy Sackton: gray
Timothy Sackton: skin gray hair, but
Timothy Sackton: striking blue eyes,
Timothy Sackton: a warm face. Not
Timothy Sackton: that's something you see here much
Timothy Sackton: keeps his hair
Timothy Sackton: short.
Timothy Sackton: Hardly a beard at all
calls.
Rothfis: So that's how he looks. What do you think? He might have gone
Timothy Sackton: sort of shakes his head, and kind of comes out of his reverie.
Timothy Sackton: How do I know you're not
Timothy Sackton: just more, Colin.
Timothy Sackton: We'll go
Timothy Sackton: find him yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Take him!
Merash (Sara): We haven't yet been met or seen by Mark Colin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But if we were,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we really need you to help us find him.
Timothy Sackton: He only can see
Timothy Sackton: through our eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Can't read minds
Timothy Sackton: so. Yes, you would need me to speak his location.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, that's still spoken. Never mind,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will not cast,
Rothfis: I say, does Mark Colin even know a good dwarf a nail,
Rothfis: do you think?
Rothfis: Look at us Look how colorful we are! Look how full of life and vibrance! I don't think we're more Cullen
Rothfis: deal.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where to think.
Riswyn: Make it. Probably. Why,
Riswyn: that's probably why you think it all
Timothy Sackton: um make up one of you. Anybody who's contributed to the conversation make a
Timothy Sackton: persuasion check with advantage, since you're all
Timothy Sackton: helping it.
Rothfis: Okay, this time, please.
Rothfis: I'll give it a show.
Riswyn: I'm. Also rolling.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Well, then, not with advantage of two of you are rolling.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well, there we go. Some decent persuasion roles for once.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: He looks.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Let me taste that hour.
Rothfis: Yeah, of course.
Rothfis: Where is the biggest cup in your house.
Rothfis: I just like to get the work ready.
Timothy Sackton: He looks red, and there's like this small sort of clay bug he puts down.
Rothfis: We'll have to do two or three of those. Then put the brackish water out of it.
Timothy Sackton: He, like takes a step
Timothy Sackton: and cheesy, said
Rothfis: I, and I offer him a similar whatever I've got like the old apron
Timothy Sackton: takes a by any sort of size.
You're right. I
Timothy Sackton: do not think more Colin can
Timothy Sackton: summoned such things.
Timothy Sackton: You are all too
Timothy Sackton: too fresh.
Timothy Sackton: I'm young. How did you get so young?
Timothy Sackton: Actually, I don't know how old most of you are the only one who put an age on their character. She, with Sarah,
Rothfis: probably younger than a village full of people who've been stuck here since the great War.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's pretty fairly young, too,
through ours. Middle Aged.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so directed it. The three not for
Timothy Sackton: well
Timothy Sackton: usually goes north.
Timothy Sackton: He likes to
Timothy Sackton: wander. He
Timothy Sackton: he talks to ghosts
Timothy Sackton: so many ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: My dad never leave. You see
Timothy Sackton: they can't. I don't think.
Merash (Sara): Could we see the ghosts if we're not from here?
Timothy Sackton: I I am sure you could.
Timothy Sackton: There,
Timothy Sackton: ghosts like anything else.
Timothy Sackton: You'll be from here soon enough, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: The ghosts
Timothy Sackton: I don't think they like to be reminded of
Timothy Sackton: what passes for living here.
Merash (Sara): How long ago did your boy last leave
Merash (Sara): from here
Timothy Sackton: almost
Timothy Sackton: four days?
Timothy Sackton: It's never been gone more than two before,
Timothy Sackton: said he had
Timothy Sackton: found somebody to the North
Timothy Sackton: talking about
Timothy Sackton: other worlds
Timothy Sackton: stories from a battle
Timothy Sackton: I haven't fought any battles
Timothy Sackton: sounded like the mad priest.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I yelled at him.
Timothy Sackton: I told her it was nonsense
Timothy Sackton: stories
Timothy Sackton: as imagination,
Timothy Sackton: dwarf, and courage. Did he like the stories he knew? They weren't real
Timothy Sackton: talk, said they weren't
Timothy Sackton: ran.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come back.
Timothy Sackton: I'm afraid he
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where he went
Timothy Sackton: up the river.
Timothy Sackton: Talk to them
Timothy Sackton: ghosts Who told them stories, I guess
Timothy Sackton: I hope anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Hope you didn't
Timothy Sackton: go looking for the mad priests in the ash fields.
Riswyn: No one knows if the mad priest is dead, but everyone thinks it's
Riswyn: most likely
Timothy Sackton: if he were dead, I think we would have seen his ghost.
Riswyn: There's a point
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's good news. Then
Rothfis: it sounds like your boy may have met some of the folks we're looking for.
Rothfis: Would you like to
Rothfis: write him a letter or
Rothfis: give us something of his that would let you
Rothfis: know that you're thinking of them.
We do find them
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: posits for a minute, and he goes into the other room.
Timothy Sackton: Um the bedroom, and he he um
Timothy Sackton: comes back
Timothy Sackton: with this little something wrapped in a little piece of cloth, and he unfolds, and it is
Timothy Sackton: a poorly made um
Timothy Sackton: sort of crudely sculpted of of clay a pair of soldiers like toy soldiers
Timothy Sackton: um, but painted somehow with like red reds and and brown pigments.
Timothy Sackton: He used to imagine such
Timothy Sackton: battles play.
Timothy Sackton: I always wished I could have made him more. But
Timothy Sackton: somehow
Timothy Sackton: even this took
Timothy Sackton: more effort.
Timothy Sackton: But he will recognize these anywhere.
Rothfis: Absolutely. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Have no paper.
Rothfis: Sure, one of us would if you wanted to.
Rothfis: Yeah, jot a quick note down,
Timothy Sackton: he writes. Just a quick like five six lines, and and then ties it up, and then folds it and hands it here and says,
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Rothfis: Thank you for trusting us with this.
Rothfis: We'll do what we can.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe there is.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe there is something you can do.
Timothy Sackton: I don't believe it when I see it. But
Timothy Sackton: thank you.
Timothy Sackton: We're giving an old man Hope
Timothy Sackton: kind of closes his eyes
Timothy Sackton: as he as he sits there, and you think it occurs to you. There's something you
Timothy Sackton: slightly strange going on here in that.
Timothy Sackton: So the the way he was
Timothy Sackton: describing talk you'd guess he was probably,
Timothy Sackton: you know, so
Timothy Sackton: forty something like that. He is almost
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Marisha's age, which is like fifty, Most of you, most of the younger ones of you are like between fifty and seventy, and
Timothy Sackton: but of course, talk is in the dwarven culture. These, like single syllable. The mediative names are
Timothy Sackton: child's names,
Timothy Sackton: and by the time they're in their twentys they should have
Timothy Sackton: through the right of name, taking and and gone to the
Timothy Sackton: the heart of the mountain,
Timothy Sackton: and here is like a forty-year-old who still seems to
Timothy Sackton: be a child.
Timothy Sackton: Strikes you as you
Timothy Sackton: get the note from him, and the soldiers told us
for us.
Riswyn: I moved strangely here. Anyway, if anyone can be forty
Riswyn: or fifty,
Riswyn: if these people have been lost,
Riswyn: well, I guess if newcomers can come in and get absorbed,
Riswyn: Okay,
Riswyn: might ever hold
Riswyn: we still.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we still there talking to him like, Is that was that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome. Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you you said he left four days ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you kept a record of how many days you've been here
there
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as anyone
Timothy Sackton: you like? Looks confused at.
Timothy Sackton: I think I was
Timothy Sackton: born here, but I don't
Timothy Sackton: no one that was
Timothy Sackton: There's no
Timothy Sackton: calendars.
Timothy Sackton: Talk was born
Timothy Sackton: forty years ago.
Timothy Sackton: His mother died
Timothy Sackton: ten years ago.
Timothy Sackton: I don't remember much before he was born.
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember my parents.
Timothy Sackton: It must have had parents.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they died when I was young.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): your wife is a ghost. Now, then,
Timothy Sackton: talk keeps looking for her.
Timothy Sackton: I know, rather than to bother the dead,
Timothy Sackton: but he is a boy
I don't know if he has found her
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right.
Merash (Sara): Well, I think if that is all the information that you have,
Merash (Sara): we can be on our way to try to find your boy.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go ahead. And
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: the way he described it Um
Timothy Sackton: uh talk had tended to travel
like
Timothy Sackton: beyond the like north. Not the way you came from, I mean. There's not really a clear sense of direction here, but beyond where you
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Timothy Sackton: Beyond where you had been
Timothy Sackton: not the direction you came from, but
Timothy Sackton: beyond the village, in the same direction. You're walking when you got here.
Timothy Sackton: There's not much to see. There's no hardly any landmarks besides the river,
Timothy Sackton: and of course the massive statue with the piles of bones of its base, which is a few miles north of here.
Riswyn: If the guards were near the river on one side of town. But it's possible to leave
Riswyn: in the
Riswyn: on the other side of town, maybe, where there aren't cards, which is
Riswyn: something to hope for.
Timothy Sackton: It's possible.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You can also like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: for tracks and footprints and
Timothy Sackton: things like that.
Timothy Sackton: So which way Do you want to head
Rothfis: north to the river, I suppose,
Rothfis: keeping an eye out for ghosts along the way.
Timothy Sackton: So the river runs north-south as far as you can tell, and your impression from what
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: from what Rick was saying, is that talk would go north along the river,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: like beyond the statue like out into the
Timothy Sackton: beyond that sort of civilization to where the ghosts tended to cluster. But then, whether if you went, if you cross the river, or if you went up the cliffs, or just kept going along the river
Timothy Sackton: barrack has no idea.
Riswyn: But your sense, at least, is you need to go north for a couple of hours
Timothy Sackton: to get
Timothy Sackton: to the to the sort of wildness area.
Riswyn: Is it worth trying to talk?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm to the humans before we go, though
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you.
It's a
Rothfis: silence, is it?
Rothfis: Talks on the trail
Rothfis: he's either talking to them or talking to ghosts that could maybe
Rothfis: lead us to them. I don't know.
Rothfis: I don't know what these humans would have to offer is
Rothfis: dwarfing, was.
Riswyn: Well, the humans we're looking for something.
Riswyn: If they got here recently. Maybe they were looking for
Riswyn: dwarving things and got tracked here,
so
Riswyn: we should go looking for a talk.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Jim's got a big smile on. Maybe we should go back to the humans.
Rothfis: No, no,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he just figures out, fought twists with absolutely no information, because
Timothy Sackton: ah, it's, it's
Timothy Sackton: it's it's fine. Go, go, look for time,
Timothy Sackton: So let's take like a five minute break, and then we'll pick up again with you, leaving the village.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rothfis: But another ale.
Timothy Sackton: I like this character.
Rothfis: No, thanks.
Rothfis: I'm enjoying them, too.
Timothy Sackton: Tak
Timothy Sackton: having some food and drink is turning out to be more useful than I expected.
Rothfis: Yeah, thanks for that,
Riswyn: so i'm beginning to wonder what would happen if they drank out of the chalice.
Rothfis: I had an interesting idea,
Rothfis: but how would we?
Rothfis: But they would get teleported to they would get teleported to save for you,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): leaving everyone else behind. Hmm.
Riswyn: But that doesn't even involve drinking, just touching.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Been trying to visualize the Where is the keg like on your person? Is it like you?
Rothfis: Oh, it's like, uh, yeah, yeah, like. Imagine you know, like
Rothfis: when when hear these with the with the drums. It's sort of it's wrapped like like one of those like ten days would be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like like a sort of like a this size kind of thing.
Rothfis: Yeah, exactly like a like a wooden keg about, you know,
Rothfis: two or three feet tall and the foot wide.
Rothfis: I was probably going to refill it right before
Rothfis: I got pulled away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: we pick up as you leave the village to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: Heading, I assume,
Timothy Sackton: relatively, quietly,
Timothy Sackton: as best you can, not drawing attention to yourself, anyway,
Timothy Sackton: north along the river. And as you walk,
Timothy Sackton: where is it?
Just
Riswyn: there shouldn't be too many people traveling around. So if there are footprints
Riswyn: be keeping in a minute Right?
Timothy Sackton: I was just gonna say um
Timothy Sackton: rizwin.
Riswyn: Ah, you notice um
Timothy Sackton: whether you're trading in survival. You definitely see, there's an obvious trail. You'll have to like,
Timothy Sackton: you know. You have to investigate a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Figure out anything more, but just from your sort of basic observation,
Timothy Sackton: passive survival ability. You can at least see that there's a trail going north that
Timothy Sackton: you know somebody has cleared some like brush out of the way, and it sort of, you know, moves along the
Timothy Sackton: you know, around the the mud, so like you're, you know It's a relatively clear this is different than what you saw to the stuff. It's not like. It's pretty.
Timothy Sackton: It's quite hard to get lost right, I mean, for years following the river, but it,
Timothy Sackton: somebody or several somebody, have at least taken the time to clear obvious obstacles. As you proceed north
Timothy Sackton: the the trail continues about as far as the
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: as the place where you would cross a another ford of the river, sort of right next to the statue.
Timothy Sackton: And this massive statue. Now, as you get closer you can see that there's a fortifications constructed around its base,
Timothy Sackton: just crude walls mostly, and the bones that you saw from a distance. The piles of bones are all sort of heaped on the top of this
Timothy Sackton: this fortification there's like bones falling, tumbling off the sides, and the trail kind of Peters out right about at this point.
Timothy Sackton: The obvious trail, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: You'll have to make a survival
Riswyn: check if you want to find anything else out.
Riswyn: I do want to make this available to you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's definitely enough. You see. Um,
Timothy Sackton: there are footprints
Timothy Sackton: look like leather boots
Timothy Sackton: of somebody. It's
Timothy Sackton: it's fairly obvious. It's not too difficult to see in the mud that there's footprints leading north sort of picking their way
Timothy Sackton: past where this trail ends. Continuing along the river
Timothy Sackton: you follow the footprints for
Timothy Sackton: four miles. Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: there is a
Timothy Sackton: there's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: like a winding. The cliffs have kind of are beginning to drop down a little bit. So rather than one hundred and fifty feet, it's maybe
Timothy Sackton: forty, fifty feet here and there's like just jumbled piles of rocks on the top
Timothy Sackton: you can see. So on this journey you've occasionally seen like in the distance, like
Timothy Sackton: what looks like a shadowy figure that like darts into into the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: You walk once you got north of the
Timothy Sackton: once you got north of the statue, like occasionally you'd see like a little ghostly figure, just see you and kind of run away into into the cliff,
Timothy Sackton: just fading into the wall
Timothy Sackton: when you get to this point, maybe
Timothy Sackton: three four miles north of the um
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The north of the statue. The foot prints in the mud, and but you can see there's like a
Timothy Sackton: almost like a little bit of a switch back trail that leads up the side of the cliff here,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: that there's like loose rocks and things that have tumbled down like probably somebody's
Timothy Sackton: ascended at this point in the past week or so.
Riswyn: Is this spot kind of sheltered from the direct line of sight from the like? Are there any of these
Riswyn: Jack of the App out of crappings between
Riswyn: this path up and the statue and bone.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, yeah, I mean at this point. Well, this the top of the statue is high enough that, like you're fifty, fifty, fifty, sixty feet off you'd have a fairly clear. It's like nearly up to like nearly in level with the top of a clip at this point. So you'd have a pretty clear view from the very top.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, like the terrain is pretty
Timothy Sackton: uh rocky, and um!
Timothy Sackton: There's not great sight lines from anywhere to anywhere else until you get high elevation. So somebody at the ground level somebody in the fortification, for example,
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't be able to see three miles
Timothy Sackton: just because there's too much debris, and things
Riswyn: probably safe to offend the
Merash (Sara): should we have to.
Merash (Sara): Oh, sorry! Go ahead. I was gonna say It's an easy trail, but it's single file. So what order are you going in?
Merash (Sara): I was going to suggest we should have one armored person at the front and one of the back.
That's an excellent idea.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Who is going first?
Riswyn: I'll go first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I can bring up the rear.
Timothy Sackton: Um, make up. Make our perception check when, as you ascend
Timothy Sackton: it's,
Timothy Sackton: when you're a little bit below the lip of the
Timothy Sackton: cliff, you hear? Uh,
Timothy Sackton: i'm kind of a scrabbling sound, like something sort of pawing at dirt
Timothy Sackton: or pong. It rocks in the distance, maybe a hundred feet away from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's probably a friendly sound, right
Rothfis: If I think there's any chance that we might need to fight, I lift up my pant legs and out from underneath them some little wings on furl from my boots,
Rothfis: and I go. We might not have to stay single file if I keep these up, since a high gear.
Riswyn: Well,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we may need to spread out, though, because of the weaving, after all that ale.
Rothfis: Well, these are just for me, and I like, Take off and like, do a weaving flight.
Riswyn: All right. Well,
Rothfis: I never fly sober.
Riswyn: If they throw things at my head
Riswyn: you can uh provide them another target.
Rothfis: Absolutely.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: when you get up when you get to the top,
Timothy Sackton: you see ahead of you, maybe
Timothy Sackton: forty feet in the distance. Um fifty feet in the distance. Um, there's what looks like the entrance there's like. So there's like piles of rock, and there's like
Timothy Sackton: a couple sort of levels of the cliff that like step up a little bit, so it's like you've come to the clip edge and then about fifty, sixty feet. There's a shorter cliff edge, and there's a cave in that um
Merash (Sara): shorter cliff edge, and they're
Timothy Sackton: which has. There's been a cave in, and you see
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: five,
Timothy Sackton: you know, six um
Timothy Sackton: like creatures they look. They look vaguely like dwarves, but they are
Timothy Sackton: rotted
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: like they look. They look sort of like the like,
Timothy Sackton: you know, the like movie cartoon thing, where somebody like ages super fast until they get super old and then die right. They look like that sort of like wrinkled triple, like clearly, not looking really exactly human anymore.
Timothy Sackton: They have
Timothy Sackton: um the same type of weapons and poor repair, or four out of the five of them have the same type of weapons, and for repair as the guards did. And they're kind of
Timothy Sackton: um. They're like scrabbling at the rocks, and one of them is like crouched down and like sniffing at the rocks. And they're like trying to p their way through this kid
Rothfis: Lovely My ex-wife and her family are here.
Timothy Sackton: You resident are fairly loud, so one of them turns and kind of looks in your direction as you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, as you begin to approach the top of the class.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, hold on a sec here,
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I guess everybody should roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Timothy Sackton: shorts! I never got a token for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doing a link to an image.
Timothy Sackton: Aya,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and you're sick,
Rothfis: Tim. I look huge on that map. I'm going to fix that.
Rothfis: That's a little better.
Rothfis: Cut me down to size.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
let's see
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's in Chapter two.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, okay, I'll get that in a sack. Let me just
Timothy Sackton: throw this stuff out here.
Riswyn: Wait. Did I say? Five or six? I said seconds. I thought you said five.
Rothfis: I thought it was our
Merash (Sara): this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: but you'll see if I can mark this here,
Riswyn: you sure there aren't four with raggedy weapons.
Timothy Sackton: There's four with raggedy weapons and two others
Timothy Sackton: let me. I've got to have a
Timothy Sackton: here This
Timothy Sackton: sorry I didn't have time to set up the maps, and it is
Timothy Sackton: this little pile here is marking
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that all.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let me get.
Timothy Sackton: Let me get your token and just give me a sec here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, River River,
The Bur.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Character.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that should have that should have worked. So
Timothy Sackton: resign is coming up on the top. I'm just going to
Timothy Sackton: drawn this year.
Timothy Sackton: We'll just at the top of the cleft. Runs like where this green line is
Timothy Sackton: for simplicity.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're below that you're on the path,
Timothy Sackton: the resman would have just come up to the top. Everybody else is on the path in whatever order you were in
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And now I got to start. Come back.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I think that's okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Well, this is totally broken.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rothfis: Is anyone who? My God
Rothfis: I've been! I've ever been to him ever played a month before.
Merash (Sara): I played a monk once for a short lived time.
Rothfis: This is my first time fighting with one. So if I do something that seems like super underpowered, let me know. I tried my best to read about everything, but
Merash (Sara): I don't think i'll be myself. But
Rothfis: okay,
Timothy Sackton: and remember, mobility is your main power
Timothy Sackton: like. Get up to them and hit them and run away.
Rothfis: And then I can move back out. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Now, with now, I can add initiative. Sorry. That took me a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: it was some bad initiative roles here.
Riswyn: I used all my good luck on the perception and survival.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Riswyn: you first up.
Timothy Sackton: What is their movement?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, these this one? Oh, these these two here are gonna
Timothy Sackton: turn all three of these ones Here, Turn and see you resident. They're gonna move. One, two, three, four, five,
Timothy Sackton: six,
Timothy Sackton: one, two, three, four, five, six,
Timothy Sackton: one, two,
Timothy Sackton: three, four, five, six,
Timothy Sackton: and then all three of them are going to
Timothy Sackton: turn and pull out these crappy looking bows.
Timothy Sackton: Um and
Timothy Sackton: hell and arrow. It's going to rain down on you.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: but your ac is something ridiculous. So the first three eras cling off your armor.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The fourth arrow hits
Timothy Sackton: the fifth arrow clings off your armor, and the
Timothy Sackton: last arrow clings off your armor. So only one of the six errors hits
Timothy Sackton: for six points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and that brings us to you through our
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I'm sorry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to come up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I. I'll basically hide myself behind my wrestling, and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's a,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then cast a fireball at the closest one of these.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah sorry, which didn't go through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a very bad rule
Timothy Sackton: uh eleven uh misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I say, turning back to the other two, i'm out of ideas.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, this one here is still going to like. Spend a couple of minutes or a couple of seconds like pong at the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas you're up.
Merash (Sara): Okay. So I am going to leave the path and go up
Merash (Sara): you.
Merash (Sara): I guess my full twenty five feet. So this little first square is difficult to rain.
Timothy Sackton: I was going to say, Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: climbing,
Timothy Sackton: So that's ten feet. The next square Is not
Merash (Sara): that that's ten. Okay. So I can go twenty feet up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can have it.
Timothy Sackton: You can go four squares
Merash (Sara): there. Okay? And that puts me
Merash (Sara): okay. And then i'm going to throw a hand axe
Merash (Sara): at this closest.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that's a long range. So it's going to be at disadvantage.
Merash (Sara): Yeah.
Merash (Sara): Um.
Merash (Sara): How do you toggle this advantage in D and D beyond again?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I think it's
Timothy Sackton: control.
Rothfis: Oh, here it is so. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: if you hold that control when you roll, it should roll a disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can just roll twice and take a lower one, because that wasn't the disadvantage.
Merash (Sara): No, I thought it was
Timothy Sackton: yeah fifteen still heads.
Merash (Sara): Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So one hand axe
Merash (Sara): and then
Merash (Sara): and then i'm going to use my second attack to throw my handbags again. Because I have a zoom
Timothy Sackton: nineteen. Hits sorry it's not a crat.
Merash (Sara): Yes,
Timothy Sackton: and so another eight. Okay. So the two hand axes playing into this one
Timothy Sackton: looks confused.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, It's going to turn, and it mutters something in the distance. And
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: patch of absolute blackness, just shadow, dark shadow with a
um
Timothy Sackton: that's one square too big.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Darkness falls.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: There it does not correct
Timothy Sackton: should be twenty foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: So that's four squares in the center. One, two, three,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Ok. Darkness falls on all of you. It's pitch black and you can hear the sort of moaning,
Timothy Sackton: whistling sound. Um,
Timothy Sackton: it's bitter cold. And um!
Timothy Sackton: When you're in here you see them.
Timothy Sackton: You could almost like feel the sort of
Timothy Sackton: howl of some ancient wind,
Timothy Sackton: and that's going to end its turn as it as this appears.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Rufus! Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you take um.
Timothy Sackton: You take eight points of full damage from starting your turn in this black test. You cannot see why you are in this.
Rothfis: I don't love that,
Rothfis: hey?
Rothfis: It's too much.
Rothfis: Um!
Rothfis: Would I be able to?
Rothfis: You had a sense that if I just took a step back I could get out of it. Or is it like. I have no idea where i'm down left or right
Timothy Sackton: uh you don't know you wouldn't know that it ends right behind you. But um!
Rothfis: You still remember the layout right? So backwards or forwards.
Rothfis: Okay, I'll just uh
Rothfis: I will just
Rothfis: fly up
Rothfis: until it's not dark anymore,
Rothfis: if that are go ahead.
Rothfis: So I've got up to forty feet of movement. Where do I start to see?
Timothy Sackton: So it's a twenty-foot radius fear that was
Timothy Sackton: You're You're like ten feet below. So you get up thirty feet and you burst out.
Rothfis: Ok. Burst out into the light. Well into the dim light thirty feet up from your current position.
Rothfis: Okay, Um,
Rothfis: Then I would like to.
Rothfis: Ah,
Rothfis: so you are thirty feet up thirty feet, which actually is good, which is actually putting you twenty feet above the top of the the lip of the cliff.
Rothfis: Because you're out a little bit,
Rothfis: I will, I think i'm going to just double. Move this turn because that remember, if you spend the key point, you can bonus action.
Rothfis: Ok, So let's bonus Well, you know i'm. Still,
Rothfis: i'm not going to get close enough to do much of anything either way, so I will go. I'll just
Rothfis: start with.
Rothfis: So we've gone thirty, so then
Rothfis: thirty, five, forty, and then five, ten, fifteen, twenty, and I will go down
Rothfis: so that i'm just
Rothfis: ten feet off the ground there,
Rothfis: our guy behind those frocks,
Rothfis: and I think i'll just,
Rothfis: and my turn there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So ten feet off the ground the rocks are big enough that you might get
Timothy Sackton: the half cover, but not three over four. Cover.
Rothfis: Yeah, that's fine,
Timothy Sackton: but only only from the things that are
Timothy Sackton: only from the things that are
Timothy Sackton: not, you know, outside of blind a site. Okay, Res: when you take
Timothy Sackton: uh you take eight points of call. Damage!
Rothfis: I will! I will yell out. I'll say
Rothfis: the darkness is an infinite Just move to the side until you're out of it.
Riswyn: Did I see which of them muttered before the darkness fell
Timothy Sackton: this one here?
Riswyn: So i'm gonna
Riswyn: my movement in the direction that I remember
Riswyn: the Spellcaster being in
Riswyn: okay
Riswyn: to
Riswyn: three, four, five.
Timothy Sackton: Is that right? Yeah,
Riswyn: Okay.
Riswyn: And then I am going to
Riswyn: cast dispel magic.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
I did that.
Riswyn: Yeah, it's a third level spell. So
Timothy Sackton: the darkness vanishes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane holds up her holy symbol, and the light of the bars out banishes the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, This one didn't like that
Timothy Sackton: and um
Timothy Sackton: two bolts of dark energy fly out of its hand
Timothy Sackton: towards Reds.
Timothy Sackton: Um it
what
Timothy Sackton: both missing
Timothy Sackton: Resident Isn't possible to have.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: bringing us back. Um!
Timothy Sackton: The first of these creatures is going to take two longbow shots at the flying monk.
Timothy Sackton: That is a sixteen. Does that hit?
Rothfis: Ah, no, it's seventeen,
Rothfis: and that is a nineteen. I will use my reaction to try and catch it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay,
Rothfis: or at least reduce the damage. So it's that's ten points of damage,
Rothfis: and that's a nineteen. Deflect missile,
Rothfis: and you can spend a key to throw it back if you want.
Rothfis: Uh. How far away is it? It's a two thousand and sixty range on that
Rothfis: which one through
Timothy Sackton: the closer one.
Rothfis: Okay. So I could. Yeah, I'll:
Rothfis: yeah, i'll disadvantage. I don't have disadvantage, but
Rothfis: so
action, so
Rothfis: call it a dart,
Rothfis: and i'll roll it through.
Rothfis: That was a credit on that one, but it's a disadvantage. Sorry you have disadvantage that misses the thirteen misses and two credits taken away by disadvantage. So far.
Timothy Sackton: The third one
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry the second one um
Timothy Sackton: fires at
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: so at eighteen at Reswin,
Timothy Sackton: and a three seven at rizman that misses, and then at the other warrior,
Timothy Sackton: one hundred and nineteen
Timothy Sackton: and uh twelve. What's your ac, Sarah?
Merash (Sara): Uh, I am at eighteen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that the nineteen hits you
Timothy Sackton: for seven points of damage
Timothy Sackton: that ends the whites turns.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry you're up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): him just the rock right here. I don't know if you can see that provide cover for the people behind it
Timothy Sackton: that provides cover for the two behind it. Yes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not not necessarily for this one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. It It depends on the exact angle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm going to Oops, one, two, three, four, five,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then for my action. I'm going to move. One, two, three, four,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): five,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then i'm going to spend a frustrate, point to quick and spell the lightning bolt and catch these three, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that our guy?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that'll get that straight,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, if you
Timothy Sackton: and also, if you cast a spiral of first level or hire, you can now fly an additional ten feet without provoking opportunity attacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, excellent!
Riswyn: I'll do that,
Hey, Guy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, go ahead. Have you managed to get within? You can also do half your sorcery, level and lightning damage to everybody within ten feet of you
Timothy Sackton: whenever you cast a spell,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but within ten feet of me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in it. Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, awesome. In that case i'll move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to end up here instead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the landing off.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: remember, you can also use a powered spell to re-roll that one if you want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I switched that up for twin spell instead.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm going to do that, and then i'll use my reaction to move back away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So these two guys on the furthest left and bottom get an extra four points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay? So the lightning erupts around for as ah just energy just crackling around you, and shoots out from his body at the two closest creatures. And then this massive burst of lightning just flies from his hand. That's a dex. Seventeen,
Timothy Sackton: Ok, the one in the back furthest one in the back succeeds.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The next one succeeds
Timothy Sackton: closest. One fails,
Timothy Sackton: and with the four extra points of damage he is dead,
Timothy Sackton: so that first one closest one dies, and then the other two take fourteen damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I' back to the others. Good news. They died
Riswyn: Your turn. This one who has been scrabbling, seeing this blast of lightning, looks up,
Timothy Sackton: turns, and runs
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a here, and his look
with a
Riswyn: back, and the others thanks. That is beau. Two longbow attacks
Timothy Sackton: at the dangerous sorcerer,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that is going to be a seventeen does a good
Timothy Sackton: and a natural twenty, but monsters no longer print anymore.
Timothy Sackton: So no double damage.
Timothy Sackton: That's one of the play test rules.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a total of
Timothy Sackton: four plus
Timothy Sackton: nine. So thirteen points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And this turn, My, I You're up.
Merash (Sara): Okay. I'm going to run up um
Merash (Sara): twenty-five feet towards for
Merash (Sara): to our
Merash (Sara): there.
Merash (Sara): Um and then uh,
Merash (Sara): i'm going to curl my mall of the forge at uh
Merash (Sara): this individual, and try to hit all three of them.
Timothy Sackton: How big a radius is that?
Merash (Sara): Ah, it's a
Merash (Sara): it's a twenty foot radius with a one hundred and twenty foot range.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So that's four squares. So
Merash (Sara): yeah, so it should be able to get
Timothy Sackton: You're getting ahead.
Merash (Sara): I'm going to get all three of them. But i'm not going to be able to get the other two at the back
Timothy Sackton: you know A twenty-foot radius is a forty foot. Oh, yeah, I know That's right. Okay, So it should be all
Timothy Sackton: so you can hit all of them.
Timothy Sackton: Parish runs up and you takes this like giant two-handed Mall just tosses it,
Timothy Sackton: and it tumbles over and over, and it lands right about
Timothy Sackton: here, and as it hits the ground there's just this
Timothy Sackton: like slight pause, and then this like massive explosion.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! So that's a dex fifteen, save, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! So that's a fail.
Timothy Sackton: Fail.
Timothy Sackton: Fail
Timothy Sackton: success.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait, no, fell. Sorry It flipped.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: wow! They rolled terribly. Every single one of them failed.
Merash (Sara): Okay, So that's uh sixty, six fire damage.
Merash (Sara): Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so all of them take twenty points of damage
Timothy Sackton: as this massive ball explodes in the middle into nothing that's.
Merash (Sara): And then i'm going to use my bonus action to recover my mall before, so that it reappears in my hand.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: it is now the smallcaster's turn.
Timothy Sackton: Who is going to
Timothy Sackton: two?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
I will close.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's going to move
Timothy Sackton: there.
Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's not
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and is going to shoot
Timothy Sackton: two Aldrich blasts
Timothy Sackton: at the
Timothy Sackton: uh at and Marath. You just
Timothy Sackton: through a massive explosion.
Timothy Sackton: So that is going to be a seven
Timothy Sackton: and a
Timothy Sackton: natural one.
Timothy Sackton: It's going to do nothing whatsoever
Timothy Sackton: it's. You're up
Rothfis: lovely.
Rothfis: Ah!
Rothfis: So
Rothfis: I can fly to
Rothfis: there
and then i'm ten feet up in the air,
Rothfis: so as a free action can I fall out of the sky and land prone.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't even land prone. But how does the brutes of flying work?
Rothfis: Uh, Is it
Rothfis: plain beards?
Rothfis: There's no action or bonus action
Rothfis: with them. You just you can fly, for
Rothfis: I made it, or
Rothfis: up to four hours.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't Say, you need to.
Timothy Sackton: You don't need to use an action to activate them. So yeah, I would say, you can just stop flying.
Rothfis: Okay, So i'll stop flying, and uh
Riswyn: well up to you. I can either land, or like marble style with the fists down. You wouldn't normally take any.
Rothfis: Normally. You only fall prone if you take damage. But you're a monk, so you don't take fall damage. Well, not from ten feet up.
Rothfis: Yeah, okay, you lands store style on the ground. I pull out my chef's knife. Actually a short sort that's masquerading, and I will either of them looking worse off or better off.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, I mean they're both. They were both just hit by this giant blast of fire.
Rothfis: Yeah, Okay. So i'll try to short sort on the left to start.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rothfis: twenty-seven
Rothfis: is it. Uh:
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that hits
Rothfis: okay. So ten damage to left.
Got to check something here.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Riswyn: It's It's
Timothy Sackton: I that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, where did I go?
Ten to the one on the left.
Rothfis: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, as you strike it. Your blade does not
Timothy Sackton: ah cut very deeply as into it,
Rothfis: but it does look like It's taking damage, though it's taking damage. It's
Okay,
Rothfis: it's probably resistant to non magical damage.
Rothfis: Yeah. Well, then, i'm switching to my magical fists
Rothfis: for the second attack,
Rothfis: and that some of us are twenty-seven. It does ten bludgeoning.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Rothfis: And then I will.
Rothfis: Yeah, I'll just do a bonus action regular one on arm without the key on it.
Rothfis: Okay,
Rothfis: that it's for twelve more, all to the guy on the left, the one on the left falls, and as it lands with that laugh, punch, it's skin sort of cracks as it lands on the ground. You can see this
Timothy Sackton: faint sort of ghostly spirit of a dwarf drifting up into the sky.
Rothfis: Um, Okay,
Rothfis: I see that it's your turn.
Rothfis: Yeah,
Rothfis: yeah, as the ghost is drifting up,
Rothfis: I say, remember, stonefish tides and stables and charm.
Rothfis: Okay, that ends your turn. So, Rizman, you're up
Riswyn: all right. So I moved closer to the fray.
Riswyn: One, two, three, four,
Riswyn: five
Timothy Sackton: there. If you want.
Timothy Sackton: I know you want to be there.
Okay,
Riswyn: I mean,
Riswyn: i'm trying to get close enough so that I can attack the guys like, maybe next turn, and they'll probably come for me, anyway. So I just fade them a little bit. But i'm going to actually cast a spell on the
Riswyn: Okay. It's It's the rare
Riswyn: which would be
Riswyn: guiding bolts
Timothy Sackton: on this one here.
Riswyn: I'm sorry I was not in. Yes, that one
Riswyn: that misses natural one. Yes, I do that for me. Rule.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is going to be
Timothy Sackton: um this one in back's turn.
Timothy Sackton: It's going to move around the rock. One, two, three,
Timothy Sackton: four, five, six,
Timothy Sackton: and will now reach out with its so no, now as it
Timothy Sackton: as it gets close to you. Um like these little
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: oh, that's ten feet. So let's put it so. It's actually going to go uh
Timothy Sackton: rather than
Timothy Sackton: here. Here it's going to go here
Timothy Sackton: here, and the two of you, Rothless and Brisbane, These shadowy arms just reach out all around it with a ten-foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: Both of you have to make a strength saving throw,
Timothy Sackton: and this when you get inspiration
Timothy Sackton: it's, It's a rather natural twenty
Riswyn: right that kind of inspiration, so you can use that to get it to get advantage on any
Timothy Sackton: anything you want, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Ok, both of you dodge most of the tendrils, most of the arms,
Timothy Sackton: but still take three points of
Timothy Sackton: ah necrotic damage
Rothfis: that ends its turn. I think for some reason I don't take any damage when I take the invasion. Yeah,
Rothfis: Yeah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: It's only that's a
Rothfis: So how about I'm: Sorry.
Rothfis: Three Uh: okay.
Timothy Sackton: These two are going to close in on the
um.
Timothy Sackton: He just killed their companion
Timothy Sackton: um, and are going to swing with their longsword.
Timothy Sackton: That's a fourteen that misses,
Timothy Sackton: and then life drain.
Timothy Sackton: That is a twenty
Rothfis: that is,
Timothy Sackton: six points of necrotic damage and make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: So, in addition to taking six points of necrotic damage, your hit Point maximum is also reduced by six.
Rothfis: Okay, Um.
Riswyn: When it missed me with the first attack I will force it to hit its friend next to it
Rothfis: with with the tipsy sway.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy.
Rothfis: So you dodge out of the way. Does that take your reaction? That's my reaction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: You died out of the way, and the sword
Timothy Sackton: does that have to roll again or doesn't use the same.
Rothfis: It just hits
Riswyn: it just hits. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So that is,
Timothy Sackton: or points up,
Timothy Sackton: flashing the image. But since it's not magical, reduced to two
Timothy Sackton: on its friends,
Timothy Sackton: and then his friend is going to attack you as well.
Timothy Sackton: First long sword.
Timothy Sackton: Here's a natural one.
Timothy Sackton: Life Drain is a knot
Timothy Sackton: that will, and their to earn straw. You are up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to move in right in the middle of the frame.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think a spell with the ten-foot radius. If I center it two squares up into the right of me,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we'll get the enemy above and the enemy to the right. But nobody else. Is that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, True. Yeah, awesome. I'm going to cast shatter.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Here come shatter
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a sudden, like bringing noise, painfully intense erupts,
and they have to make a
Rothfis: constitution. Say, that's a eleven that fails,
Timothy Sackton: and that's a five that fails.
Timothy Sackton: The both of these take eighteen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So this one takes eighteen points of damage and dies because you only have three hit points.
Timothy Sackton: This one
Timothy Sackton: takes eighteen points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and also dies, because, even though he has twenty hit points, it takes an additional four damage for lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: This one takes for lightning damage, and this one takes for lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: So again as this thunder erupts,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lightning crackles. Now you also have your ten feet of flying movement without provoking opportunity to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): then that's all the energy and lightning to top around me gusts of when listening up in the air and cursing back
Timothy Sackton: It's okay. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: this one's going to keep attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait! This One's dad.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, yes, this one's dead,
Timothy Sackton: Barbara. You're up.
Merash (Sara): Okay, Um, I'm going to move closer to everyone. But I think that's about all I can do right now.
Merash (Sara): Unfortunately,
Timothy Sackton: you can dash.
Merash (Sara): Okay, I guess I could dash again
Merash (Sara): the dashed again in mainly range. Anyway.
Merash (Sara): Okay, Yeah,
Merash (Sara): i'll do that. And then uh,
Merash (Sara): is that my bonus action?
Timothy Sackton: That's your action.
Merash (Sara): But then, if I take my second X, I can still hit it with my mall right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, that's only you. You have to do that next to me,
Timothy Sackton: because your actions, your movement. So you just have a bonus out.
Merash (Sara): I had two attacks per action. But I did a movement in a dashboard. Yeah, no,
okay,
Timothy Sackton: right? Right? Right?
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay. So that ends your turn. So it's,
Timothy Sackton: and then raise one next.
Rothfis: Okay, um, again. Are either of them looking worse for where in front of me
Timothy Sackton: the one on the right is definitely more wounded.
Rothfis: Ok, let's start punching that one
Rothfis: with my magical fists.
Rothfis: Thirteen misses. What if it were a fifteen,
Timothy Sackton: It might not us.
Rothfis: Yeah, i'll see it to make it a fifty.
Rothfis: That hats
Rothfis: right? So it takes nine bludgeoning.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that one's dead,
Rothfis: another spirit dressed up into the sky.
Rothfis: Throw them the business card again, and then i'll punch the one in front for the second attack.
Rothfis: That that I can't fix and then
Rothfis: let's do just a single bonus action on Armstrong.
Rothfis: Seventeen hits. So twelve bludgeoning there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Riz: when you're up that ends your turn as though
Timothy Sackton: battlefield is nearly cleared at this point.
Riswyn: Yeah, I just run up to the
Riswyn: the last remaining target and
Riswyn: wall up them with
Riswyn: ah
Riswyn: chatterstorm
Riswyn: to even do that.
Riswyn: Just roll that should be up on your attacks
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Riswyn: that
Timothy Sackton: throw our you up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, uh was not paying attention.
Riswyn: Um,
Rothfis: there's one left in the middle of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we'll run in and shock and grasp them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: bad hats
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for a total of fourteen,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just for flavor and flare, i'm going to use my ten feet of movement to go directly upwards, and then back down again.
Timothy Sackton: The you only get the movement of the extra damage. If you have the level of spell,
Timothy Sackton: doesn't, work on catch ups.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): okay.
Timothy Sackton: You still kill him.
Timothy Sackton: You go up about three feet and come back.
Rothfis: Well, that one surprisingly Well, This calls for a drink out of the flask we're in around.
Rothfis: Are any of the ghosts still visible? Or are they like gone?
Timothy Sackton: They've all drifted up pretty quickly. I guess the one from the one who just died is still kind of
Timothy Sackton: beginning to drift up.
Rothfis: Um!
Rothfis: Go ahead. I was going to say I might just float up after it
Rothfis: as quick as need be.
Rothfis: See if we can chat.
Timothy Sackton: They look. So you float up next to what did you get next to it?
Timothy Sackton: If this particular ghost. Seems
Timothy Sackton: i'm very faded around the edges. It's like a frayed
Timothy Sackton: blanket, or something like The features are sort of mostly now, mostly sort of flat like you can sort of recognize a face, but you wouldn't be able to identify this person if you like. Saw them again, or if you knew them like they seemed to be
Timothy Sackton: faded somehow.
Rothfis: They say you well, we're having ale down below. Would you like to join us?
Timothy Sackton: Just continues to drift up,
Rothfis: actually go ahead and make up. Make a persuasion check.
Timothy Sackton: Hi, Dc.
Rothfis: You're going to have to find a fresher ghost.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: silence falls.
Timothy Sackton: You hear, like a little
plank
Timothy Sackton: like a small rock being pushed out from the
Timothy Sackton: rockslide
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: a shaky voice.
Timothy Sackton: Hello,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you okay in there?
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we have a note from your dad
Timothy Sackton: a couple more planks as two more rocks get pushed out, and, like you see, an eye appear on the like like right here, like right in the mouth of this rock cave.
Timothy Sackton: Come closer.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see
they've got it.
Rothfis: What's your name, son?
Timothy Sackton: I disappears for a second.
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Sounds of somebody thinking
Timothy Sackton: Are the old ones gone?
Rothfis: I
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Couple rot! You hear a couple of rocks shift
Timothy Sackton: hand sticks out.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see it.
Timothy Sackton: The latter.
Rothfis: Are we going to put this letter in the first hand that that goes out of a rock?
Rothfis: Or do we need a little more confirmation.
Merash (Sara): What's your name? You
Timothy Sackton: What's yours?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about we do it this way? What's your father's name?
Timothy Sackton: Eric.
Timothy Sackton: What's yours
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): through?
Timothy Sackton: That's your father's name.
Riswyn: No, that's my name,
Timothy Sackton: Park.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see it
Rothfis: and it over here
Timothy Sackton: and disappears
Timothy Sackton: two minutes
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like a brief like gasp. Sob.
Timothy Sackton: I comes back like looking around.
Timothy Sackton: I'm coming out.
Timothy Sackton: It's safe.
Merash (Sara): Yeah, it's safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, nothing is immediately trying to kill you. I don't know if it's safe. More generally
Timothy Sackton: minutes ago.
Timothy Sackton: Rocks shift like five minutes later, like this
Timothy Sackton: youngish-looking dwarf,
Timothy Sackton: short gray hair,
Timothy Sackton: all tightly tightly curled, tightly tied up, wearing sort of dusty clothes,
Timothy Sackton: striking blue eyes
Timothy Sackton: moving like,
Timothy Sackton: but his body, language, and actions seem younger than his
Timothy Sackton: than his physical appearance
Timothy Sackton: looks up at you as he crawls out,
Timothy Sackton: works. My father sent you.
Merash (Sara): We told your father that we would try to find you.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you from?
Timothy Sackton: Not here
Timothy Sackton: are the stories true.
Timothy Sackton: There are other doors.
Timothy Sackton: It must not be from bleak Holmes,
Riswyn: not from bleed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are you from?
Timothy Sackton: Tell me
Merash (Sara): that is maybe a story for another plan to bail.
Rothfis: I've got that?
Timothy Sackton: What is L.
Rothfis: Oh, Sunny,
Rothfis: Have you ever had, Walter?
Timothy Sackton: I guess. Yeah.
Rothfis: Well, this is a real treat that
Rothfis: i'm pour. I'm a flagon,
Timothy Sackton: but it takes a step.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: you drink that.
Rothfis: The youth is wasted on the young, and I pull it back.
Timothy Sackton: You're really here
Timothy Sackton: just to find me.
Riswyn: We're glad it's now that
Timothy Sackton: Tell me the
Timothy Sackton: mystical place you are from.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody is like this.
Timothy Sackton: Are you
Timothy Sackton: heroes?
Merash (Sara): I wouldn't go that far.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're all trying our best right.
Riswyn: Dodds willing.
Rothfis: I am just a simple tavern owner who can punch and kick with the best of them.
Riswyn: We one's like a hero.
Well,
Rothfis: I think You've got the chance to be a hero, too.
Rothfis: We were looking for you
Rothfis: because we believe you might be able to help us find someone that we're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you looking for?
Rothfis: Now?
Rothfis: Give him the list the names we've been chatting about and enslaved, that if he doesn't know them, that any sort of ghosts that have connection to the
Rothfis: I guess the war or the expedition anything that sort of rings the bell with the stories that we've heard about it,
Riswyn: or the mad priest
Timothy Sackton: Nora.
Timothy Sackton: She is very old,
Timothy Sackton: even her spirit is old,
Rothfis: but you don't found her, though
Timothy Sackton: she told me
Timothy Sackton: so. We were not the only dwarfs.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure. I really believed her until
Timothy Sackton: you must tell me where you're from.
Riswyn: That needs a place other than they cold mean anything to you?
Timothy Sackton: I'm! There
Timothy Sackton: are there places that aren't bleak holds
Rothfis: What do you call it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What does your home look like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a prison
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that You've been trapped in for decades. This isn't the real world
Timothy Sackton: now.
Timothy Sackton: No, what is no
Timothy Sackton: Nora,
Timothy Sackton: she said.
Timothy Sackton: She said it was our
Timothy Sackton: her,
Timothy Sackton: our prison destiny,
Timothy Sackton: her
Timothy Sackton: fate.
Timothy Sackton: She said there once were many dwarves
Rothfis: there still are,
Rothfis: and perhaps the easiest to understand that we come from a place close to where Norris from,
Timothy Sackton: nor have
Timothy Sackton: We'll never say where she is from.
Rothfis: But you know it's not here.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect
Timothy Sackton: my father does not believe
Timothy Sackton: even dwarf does not believe truly.
Timothy Sackton: What else could there be?
Timothy Sackton: Look around,
Timothy Sackton: Nor I?
Timothy Sackton: He mentions things sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: Don't make sense
Timothy Sackton: where food comes from farms. She says
Rothfis: there are this waiting top, and I I take out the painted soldiers.
Rothfis: I say,
Rothfis: this is the most beautiful thing we've seen since we got here, and honestly, it's so sad. It makes me cry.
Timothy Sackton: He grabs them out of his hands.
Merash (Sara): They are perfect.
Rothfis: It's all uh
Rothfis: it's all just a bit of perspective. Then
Rothfis: can you take us to Nora.
Timothy Sackton: You know the way.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me a story where we walk.
Merash (Sara): That's a fair trade.
Timothy Sackton: What is this
Timothy Sackton: world you speak of?
Timothy Sackton: He begins walking along the cliff to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Come, come! The ghosts won't bother us
Timothy Sackton: spirit ones, anyway. Not on this side of the river.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarven runs that
Timothy Sackton: human ghosts can be trouble sometimes,
Timothy Sackton: but they never get this far from their camps.
Merash (Sara): I think we should follow him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Who has a story for me,
Riswyn: I mean i'm just i'm sure it is. What is our life like in um
Riswyn: the regular world telling the story of
Riswyn: cities with parts and horses and inns, and so forth.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever you want,
Riswyn: you don't have to literally make up a story if you don't want to, because I mean we could tell him the story of retrieving the shield of the front End bulls from Ravens Home. That's a long one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Riswyn: Um. Does anyone need healing?
Rothfis: Oh, yeah
of you.
Rothfis: I'm about a different
Rothfis: I'm about ten down, and my Max has dropped. I don't know how long that will last, for
Rothfis: Ah, we still arrest long rest.
Rothfis: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: which could be in tough to come by and displace
Riswyn: so eleven healing for straw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eleven. Excellent,
Merash (Sara): i'm. Only down seven. So whoever else needs it more.
Merash (Sara): I can wait.
Rothfis: It's good for me. Thank you.
Riswyn: You rough this. I am down quite a lot, so i'm going to spend one of myself.
Timothy Sackton: So Also, if you have like willing potions and stuff. You might also decide to use this at some point, because spell slots are,
Riswyn: they'll end up in short, supply.
Yep,
Riswyn: I only have one of those, though, so I figured
Riswyn: it started up there with magic.
Timothy Sackton: You can also use your Channel divinity to recover spouse loss if you need to.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and you get that back on short rest.
Timothy Sackton: So as you walk, listening to Rizman, tell the story of a band of adventurers fighting their way through a dwarven ruin, finding
Timothy Sackton: fortress of demonic nulls
Timothy Sackton: killing a demon
Timothy Sackton: rescuing a lost adventurer,
Timothy Sackton: are
Timothy Sackton: recovering a precious heirloom of the brawn-andal family.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: But over the course of an hour, you see, like Talks eyes light up, and he sort of starts to follow. Rits went around.
Rothfis: She is definitely a hero.
Rothfis: That is what here as are
Timothy Sackton: I. I didn't. I didn't think they existed,
Timothy Sackton: and as you walk
Timothy Sackton: you see a head maybe a mile or so, there's a Providence that rises that has a
Timothy Sackton: great view back to
Timothy Sackton: back to the statue
Timothy Sackton: floating
Timothy Sackton: on the top of this prominent staring,
Timothy Sackton: the giant statue,
Timothy Sackton: the ghost of an old dwarven woman,
Timothy Sackton: and that is where we will stop for tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Go past midnight. I think it's better to stop there.